Cut down sugar on orginal pepsi has ruined it now, after buying it for 30 years. I am done with it today. Coca Cola is now the leading drink for me. Just leaves mouth dry after this. The first mouthfull of it when I opened the can I Knew straight away it did not taste right.Unfortunately it doesn’t work as drain cleaner which is where my low sugar Pepsi ended upPepsi drink is my favorite
I even make a wonderful design for themLove from Bangladesh I’m following everyone Pepsi fueled my whole writing process.I’m following everyone I thought subway had struck a deal with pepsi and started putting sweetner in the regular one.. Couldn't believe when I found the formula had been changed.. no new recipe message or anything to say it has changed.. had to throw it down the sink.. Managed to get a voucher although apart from water I've no option really.. She couldn't believe I was asking for a refund.. trying to pull wool over our eyes thinking nobody would notice.. still paying regular sugar tax price thoughThe new Pepsi tastes bad and we didn't know they swapped Suger for sweeteners and both me and my mum are allergic to it and it has made us both poorly  wouldn't have brought it if we knewI switched coke, I thought my taste buds was going funny and then my friend told me they had changed it so I was so peed off!! Off to coke I goPepsi all my life won’t be from now on it’s not actually Pepsi anymore it’s disgusting will the sugar tax tariff be coming off now or will you be keeping it at same price cherry coke for me from now on it’s be a blast pepsi but it over really pi****d off with this change of flavour #notpepsianymoreI thought I was going mad but seems as though Pepsi has cut the sugar! It’s absolutely rank and had to give away the 24 cans I bought  you’ve lost a customer and by the looks of it loads!!!!!!Unfortunately pepsi have gone to the dark side and removed real sugar. I won't be buying a single can of pepsi if it tastes like this. Coca cola won the war #bringbackthesug
arNew reduced sugar Pepsi is terrible! I have just thrown it in the bin and will never buy it again sad times You don't tell customers you've changed the drink you just change it take all the sugar out now it tastes like pissI’ve been drinking Pepsi for years and I purchased a 2 litre bottle yesteday and it’s vile all I can taste is horrible artificial sweeteners !!!! What have you done?? I have drunk this for years and love it now it’s i drinkable ?? You have Diet Pepsi and Pepsi max for the no sugar why ruin this ?? The saying goes if it’s not broke don’t fix it??? The bottle doesn’t even say different taste or new ingredients ???New Pepsi is vile!! I can’t have sweeteners so no longer will drink this.
Can you bring back “original” Pepsi?!!I'm autistic and struggle with drinks especially I've only drank pepsi original for 30 years and now I'm panicking and rationing the 8 crates of 24 cans I have because the change in recipe thats added sweetners is just awful and it leaves a lingering taste in your mouth please bring back the original taste we all love and enjoy I was happy to cover the sugar tax!! Listen to your customers pepsi co!!!Latest changes to the recipie aren't good. The increased artificial sweeteners give me a bad stomach. Will have to sw to Coca-Cola instead if that's got lessA few weeks ago I opened a can of Pepsi from a multi pack and actually said to my husband that I thought the can had been the first to be filled after a batch of diet Pepsi had been through, as it tasted so much like a diet drink with that horrible after taste. I then found out what had happened with the recipe change. If I wanted a diet drink I would buy a diet drink. Not sure who on earth did the taste tests for Pepsi, but whoever they were, clearly they had never drunk regular Pepsi to not be able to taste the difference!!!! I've drunk Pepsi regularly all my life, but now it's so long Pespi, hello Coca Cola!Pepsi have just shot themselves in the foot by adding artificial sweeteners to their product. It tastes disgusting - I immediately knew that it was wrong so I checked the ingredients and Pepsi have just decided to change the recipe without ANY notification on the bottle. That leaves Coca-Cola as the only palatable fizzy drink and I'm sure I won't be the only person to never buy another bottle of Pepsi Artificial sweeteners are vile and taste sour. I ended up buying Cherry Coke today as Britvik seemed to have taken our choice away. I will never buy their products again, I still felt sick this morning from just a few sips of that fake Pepsi last night. :(Extremely disappointed by the change to Pepsi, removing the sugar. It tastes awful now and has the terrible aftertaste that lingers. There was a reason people chose regular Pepsi over diet Pepsi/Pepsi max. I have been a fan for years and always chose Pepsi over Coca-Cola. Unless Pepsi bring back the old recipe I will never drink Pepsi ever again. 40 year fan. Just poured a newly bought 2 litre bottle down the drain. Only place for it. This change was not needed and not wanted.ABSOLUTELY LIVID, I WAS CONNED WITH SOME NASTY VILE CRAP PRETENDING TO BE REGULAR PEPSI. You could have killed someone that was allergic to that chemical crap. FUMING!!!The new regular Pepsi tastes disgusting and leaves a lingering aftertaste of artificial sweetener that lasts for hours. I bought a 2 litre bottle of Pepsi last week and ended up tipping most of it down the sink after I'd tasted it. A drink I've been enjoying for over 30 years too, why change it?. If people want low sugar Pepsi they'll buy diet or Pepsi Max. Well I know what I'll be buying from now on, Coca Cola for me.Just purchased my last ever bottle of Pepsi, why on earth would you add chemical sweeteners and without warning, gives me headaches and nausea it’s horrible, felt sick all afternoon and the after taste is horrendousgutted I can’t stand the taste of sweeteners, it’s gone straight down the sink where it belongs  shall be returning to whenever there is fun there’s always coke a cola Sorry Pepsi I was a life long customer of yours but this new less sugar recipe is pants! I’m switching to the red brand from now on!The new UK Pepsi with 55% less sugar is bloody gross! Well that’s me lost from your customer base all I drank was Pepsi classic and now it tastes like a sweetened catastrophe simple as! Off to coke for the first time as I’ve always preferred pepsi such a shame!!!!!!!The other night I bought a bottle of ‘normal pepsi’ which I tipped down the sink as it tasted like diet , I thought it was bottled wrong but today I read online you have reduced the sugar …
Can you not leave it to the customer if they want full sugar or diet ???
Sadly I won’t buy Pepsi now ..There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productI never drink Pepsi more! I see film on Netflix! Coca - Cola better!!!!!Wow watch netflix pepsi where’s my jet what a company I never even knew about Pepsi 349 5 people killed in the Philippines all because Pepsi wanted to miss sell their competitions to win the cola war. Remember adverts are designed to change our buying habits and get our kids to change ours after watching what they did I will never allow myself or my children’s drink a Pepsi product the never forget Philippines 1992 targeted the poor Not buying until they give that lad his jet Grabe uNg mountain dew nio Pepsi has a nailcutter inside.. only here in philippines, what a f*ck pepsi company.. during my child birthday party''Cola-Cola and Pepsi seems to agree, that war in Ukraine is just business as usual in Russia. Boykot both of them until they take a stand against the war in Ukraine - don't buy it and remember what they did for a long timeCoca-Cola is still in Russia.  Be the better choice! Sad to see that you continue to cooperate with massmurderers. Get out of Russia!!!Coca cola had the balls to cut off Russia.
You’ve lost your chance to be first.
You can be the second one though, as usual….
Why are you giving financial aid to Russia still? Stop do it.You can no longer remain silent! There’s war in Ukraine  and you have to talk about it!
The world must know, the world must support. Only together we can stop this war. Support Ukraine 

The latest news in stories Instagram: https://
instagram.com/
greenforest.engl
ishI dont like the new taste of Pepsi. It just dont taste like Pepsi.How can i get the sponsor from Pepsi please help. We are doing heritage event next year September 2022. And we will do official launch around March 2022.Pepsi company pls wash ur bottle well before putting the content for two times in two months I have bought bottle Pepsi with dirt inside the drink,next time I see it again I promise to sue you people it's very bad.I just want to expres my love to Pepsi. I think everyone should let the "old lady" go and drink transcendent drink called Pepsi aka pepsicola. Everyone should do it for him self. Trust me its golden advice. Pepsi is a best cola on market.Ummm why is it the case of 24 pepsi max cherry i purchased was actually completely just pepsi max. Not happy to be honest as im not a great fan of pepsi max. Which is why i chose cherry.......I don't know if you've changed the recipe for full sugar pepsi recently, but it tastes awesome. Better than ever.I have a little store and selling Pepsi cola.. It's a big surprise I found something inside the bottle..i have to report this because it might destroy to people to drink thisWhat are u doing with pepsi? My favourite cola now tasty like pee …  new recept? Bullshit….. i am so sad…. Made KMV BEV CZ …….Just had my last cola from you, not happy with your response to the Ukraine war, thousands killed and you still serve cola to the Russians! Think we should all boycotts any company that ignores the situation......
it should not be about profits, it should be about showing you care.Your pepsi tastes like a bad version of your pepsi max what was the point of taking most of the sugar away no amount of sweeteners will make it taste how it used to. You already had a low sugar version pepsi max even a no sugar version now you took away the choice for sugar or less sugar. And we are stuck with this bad tasting drink that is why I stopped drinking your product at least coco cola hasent done it. Like you they already have a lower sugar version and a no sugar version so dont need to change people like my mum cant have sweeteners as it makes her feel ile. Hopefully when you're sales go down you will change.I don't know why you have done this but I just drank a glass of "normal" pepsi and it was disgusting. Checked the ingredients and you now add sweeteners? I've always had Pepsi over the other brands but if your sugar version of the drink contains sweeteners then you will lose customers. Now tastes awful, if I wanted diet pepsi or less sugar then I would buy diet or pepsi max. You've ruined your flagship drink.Love from BangladeshTastes absolutely vile now, and that aftertaste is disgusting! It's just like all other cola's except 4 times the price! Took a pack back to the shop and got a refund! So off to Coke it is now!You’ve added sweeteners to the ordinary cans. It changes the taste completely!! I will never ever drink them again I will have to start drinking Coca Cola now.Love from BangladeshThere is less and less difference between Pepsi and a “zero” drink… you have lowered the sugar of Pepsi a second time (now at 4.6g/100ml)… the taste has suffered… after 40 years of Pepsi I will have to switch to CocaCola. At least the classic taste is still there (and the sugar!) It seems to me a very "cheap" move... what a pity!How can I get a Pepsi small fridge?Bad move Pepsi bring back the old taste this is why coca cola will always be better than youWhat's going on with the blue label pepsi lately?? It tastes like ass!No more pepsi, give him jet!Hi Pepsi - I love your product and I love your brand and I respect your company. But please, I cannot buy anymore from you until you stop your sales to Russia. You have the power to do the right thing. Please help to make a positive point - We all owe it to Ukraine. Thank you for taking the time to read my message. do the right thingI won’t be buying your products whilst you support Putin’s war!I love pepsi product every time i eat i drink pepsi 0lrytCheers guys. First can of pepsi in months trusting you'd not played with the recipe, so wrong. And as someone with an allergy to artificial sweetener I'm fkin suffering now.

You just lost to coke.PEPSI: (This may be a repeat; I just typed it, but it doesn't show on my sent screen). 1. Why can we not get FRITO'S in Taiwan (for the past 6 years)? 2. Where can I get Sting in Taiwan, besides Vietnam shops in Hukou?The original Pepsi, when I slightly diluted it to make it a little less sweet, still tasted good - and like Pepsi! Now I can’t do that as I can’t take artificial sweeteners. Why didn’t you make a Pepsi with a little less sugar - but with no artificial sweetener in it?I don't think we are going to hear from Pepsi as they haven't even bothered with any updates since 2019.I love pepsiI'm here to complain about Pepsi's taste in Sudan it has changed and now it's less soda and less flavour , you can say it's sugar caramel with water it's bad to the company's nameHello Pepsi. Due to the fact that you still owe John a jet. All pepsi products are now prohibited in our home. Waiting for you to do right by John. !Love from Bangladesh how to scan QR of pepsi?Pepsi must think it’s okay children are dying and 1.5+ million people are now homeless as long as Pepsi profits keep going up that’s all the care about.Pepsi classic is terrible now, it has a weird after taste. Use to prefer it to coke but won’t go anywhere near it now.Iam sure that pepsi (normal with sugar) has changed the taste?Pepsi I want my jetI use to prefer Coke over Pepsi, but after swapping over to Diet Coke, which I prefered over Diet Pepsi, due to a taste difference, I now prefer Diet Pepsi over Diet Coke, but due to the fact, that many suppliers, have now decided, to only supply Coke Zero and Pepsi Max, instead of supplying both Diet Coke or Diet Pepsi, drinks, many people including myself, who do not like, the sugar sweet taste of Coke or Coke Zero and Pepsi or Pepsi Max, are not being given the chance to buy the drinks they prefer.It's awfull that you put sweeteners in your regular pepsi and didn't warn anyone. I can't have sweeteners as they make me ill and I didn't realise untill 2 days after and I'd nearly finished the bottle. Thought it tasted off due to my hayfever....but
nope.....starte
d with the stomac cramps etc. I know it's the sweeteners as I've had this problem befor. Please change it back and give us a choice..you already do pepsi max and diet pepsi for those wanting to avoid sugar.PepsiСo, stop supporting the aggressor market. While the Russian military is shelling food warehouses in Ukraine and destroying food stocks, you are supplying food and milk products and replenishing the military budget of the aggressor with taxes! Stop being an accomplice in the war!

PepsiСo managers, stop all your business activities in the Russian market! Don't support the invader! Business in Russia = support for terrorism. #StopBusinessIn
RussiaHi Pepsi,
Recently had your Pepsi regular (supposedly full fat version) which had Aspartame/fake sugar in it. I just wanted to say I was not a fan. Please do not mess with your original recipe, I hate the taste of fake sugars and can taste them right away in any of the diet products, so I was very disappointed to taste them in your original recipe.His behaviour is to bad and speak abusellyI love Pepsi But since Pepsi regular has sweeteners in it, I had to switch to coca colaPlease stop supplying to Russia to help the Ukrainian people. Is your PR Department hiring? How about in house legal? I got a Bachelors……Stop supplying to Russia! Do the right thing and stand against genocide.Anyone know a date of when these Pepsi balls would have come out? https://
www.ebay.co.uk/
itm/274362609832Please go back to using real sugar in the regular pepsi the new recipe make pepsi taste almost as bad as pepsi max.Do yoy want marketing Notice Listen ok
(When i buy Pepsi You will be Sexy)Stopped drinking pepsi as taken the sugar out & it tastes disgusting started buying classic coca cola instead. Big fail by Pepsi Just brought some Pepsi and definitely not the regular recipe…taste more like Pepsi Max Count me in!How to use it help me349 pepsi taste is this nowShame on you Pepsi!
Putting profits before human life!
Do the right thing and stand with Ukraine New pepsi taste like s**t and nothing like the pepsi original bring back original pepsi asapOh Pepsi, what have you done?  Never heard the phrase "if it ain't broke, don't fix it"? The new recipe is truly awful. I can't drink it now, ended up putting half a bottle down the sink. I'm disappointed in this decision and hope that it will be reversed but with more fanfare. You're conning customers and devaluing your brand.BoycottingJust bought 24pack of Pepsi at lceland food store Newtownabby Belfast earlier, girlfriend went to get one when a can exploded B.SproulePepsiYummy pepsiTime to boycott Pepsi shame on you for not closing all your outlets in Russia #SHAMEONPEPSI for supporting murderer Putin!!!Fac YouTube and Facebook and yor mama and grand mahs I'm following everyone Piss off Pepsi - trading in Russia, profit over lives   Pepsi supports RussiaI was relying on pepsi to help with hypos , and wondered why it tasted odd , and levels were not going up , been a pepsi fan since a kid, dumping that idea , heading straight back to coke  if people want less or know sugar they have a choice, should not be forced uponCan I ask when will Pepsi be boycotting Russia?  #BoycottPepsiAwww for gawd sake put the bloody sugar back in it’s bloody awful it’s the only pop I like I’ve never drunk anything else but I certainly won’t be drinking that new recipe crapStill trading with Russia!Mojo is best but pepsi verry bad disgusting Just found out, you tried to cheat on me but I will taste sweetness everywhere, disgusting , definitely I will be changing to Coca-cola. Can't believe, most of uk drinks are disgusting because of that, we were paying the price to drink it as it was for years. Absolutely awful your regular Pepsi is at the moment.PepsiCo UK & Ireland has reformulated classic Pepsi to now have 57% less sugar, containing only 4.55 grams of sugar per 100ml. In addition to a lower amount of sugar, the reformulated Pepsi is sweetened with a blend of acesulfame potassium and sucralose, with 56% fewer calories from added sugars.Why have you reduced the sugar in the std tins of pepsi. Tastes just just pepsi max now. Not goodPepsi, will you quit russia? They want and deserve to return to stalin times. There were no Pepsi at that time. Stop your business in russia and belarus!They won't want it when they get it, taste rancid now with sweetners. Vile. Completely ruined yourself sales will plumitPepsi tastes really good and I kind of like it than coca colaI drink cans of Pepsi everyday i'm addicted to it!Pepsi,You are the best!Why are you still operating in Russia? Close your Belarus and Russian operations. #peoplebeforepro
fitNew recipe is disgusting. Tastes worse than the diet and max equivalent now. Can't believe how badly they have went wrong. It's ruined Tastes awful now so I won't buy again. It was my favourite but now guess I drink Coca-Cola.What a horrible feel like ive been misold expected nice can of 'pepsi' got this vile new flavour thought i was losing my taste. If its not broke don't fix it won't buy anymoreI thought Pepsi cans had been incorrectly labelled or filled. Will never buy Pepsi again whilst this horrible new recipe remains. What Dufus gave the call to change it?? Back to Coke for me.Hey Pepsi ,keep the promise and give the kid his jet!!এক চুমুক পেপসি, সব করে দে শান্তি 

One sip of Pepsi, do all the peace Taste so rough now. Put the sugar back into it!Pepsi, follow the russian ship, or rather fuck it#349 PhilippinesGo shawty, icha birvday!hi have you got any Officer on pepsi canes and soft drinks ?I need your support Pepsi...My husband loves Pepsiwhy have you changed pepsi? sweeteners and sugar? there's pepsi max and diet pepsi for a reason You are removing the sugar in favour of sweeteners so I shall no longer purchase your products go to hell for this moveAfter 30 years of being my drink of choice I will now be switching to coca cola which still has real sugar. If I wanted to drink a pepsi with artificial sweetners I would have drunk pepsi max or diet pepsi. Such a shame.Regular taste like pepsi max now I've stopped buying itStop trading with Russia.
Support Ukraine Until you get out of Russia my family will not be buying your products.I sm interested in being an influencer for miranda in tblisiYour support Russia aggression against Ukraine by still selling your goods on the territory of this terroristic country
Your beverages taste like blood of Ukrainians who became victims of Russian soldiers.New Pepsi is disgustingThey don't even know how many calories there are in a can I have a can that said 93 calories and then I got a pack from the shop and on the can it says 145 and then on the outside pack 135 what a jokeWill you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.I'm from Bangladeshi Put the sugar back yet PepsiStop supplying Russia support Ukraine thanks for taking half the sugar out and keeping the price the same. taste gross. Didnt change the packaging either good job im not allergic. Guess only coke left now.Have brains in your head and a pure heart. How can you trade in a country that kills our children, wives and mothers?! Do not disgrace yourself and the entire civilized world, leave the bloody Russian market and show what you really are worth!Pepsi I’ve just seen a post about blue Pepsi and omg I do need to try some of that are you ever making it available in the U.K.?I thought I had a bad batch and they didn’t put in enough flavouring didn’t know they cut out the sugar well moving to coke nowWhy on earth have you now started adding sweetener to the pepsi recipe it tastes awful now Black Knight decoded? Is it fuck.how much is 50 carton of PepsiPepsi you sponsored Russian war on Ukraine Stop your operation in Russia! Stop earning blood money!!!!Pepsi is always flat when I buy it it use to be fizzy ever since lockdown happened the fizzy taste just slip awayFor management please visit Starbucks cafe /coffee shop USA for supply to all to branches worldwide ,visit ShopRite Ghana supermarkets in Accra mall, tetteh quarshie interchange, West hills Mall weija and achimota shopping center /mall wh geants casino mall head office France, macro mall India and Walmart USA to supply them with Tampico juice for sale and you go for your money when they are sold by the super market/mall management , please visit the for you money regularly.stop your operations in russia and give john leonard his jet finally. kk thxNew Pepsi recipe tastes like assholes back to Coca Cola for mePut the sugar back Pepsi it tastes rankI don't like pepsi new tasteStop trading in Russia and Belarus now.Bring back the original recipe. We don't want artificial sweeteners. There's already Pepsi Max and Diet Pepsi so why do we need another drink with sweeteners. Switching over to Coke and Jarrito's as at least they still listen to their customers.Hows that asparatame treating you I bought mirinda and the is an housefly in it. Y'all should be careful in drinks u guys takes in ur systemBoycottUntil Pepsi grow a conscience with regards to Putin's megalomaniac aggression I will stop purchasing any of your products.Coca-Cola has officially announced the cessation of activities in russia , well done

pepsi shamePepsi, do not finance murderers and maniacs with your taxes. Stop working with the Russian aggressor!
You are sponsoring the killings of Ukrainian citizens, women and children.
#StopBusinessWit
hRussia #SaveUkrainianCh
ildreni like pepsi blueI'M NOT LOVING IT ANY MORE!!!Is it possible to market half sugar Pepsi ?Vicsotto can't drinkI didnt know about the recipe change. Their website is rarely updated, and they dont seem to do much on here eitherPepsi... Keep Rock on here Will never buy pepsi again...where is my Jet...When did pepsi start adding sweetners to there ordinary pepsi .. I have always drank pepsi .. and not diet , recently purchased a bottle and have found the taste disgusting . What I'm hacked off is the fact I have to pay more because it is not diet pepsi. The sweetners ruins the taste ... feeling let downPepsi you have changed the standard Pepsi's ingredients, it used to be sugar now it's Acesulfame K which is foul. Change the classic can back or i'm solely consuming Coca-Cola.thankfulI've now after over 10 years switched back to coke,The new pepsi taste bland,If something works why change it and ruin it,Stunt living ramp .reklam for you.Whole quantity to Australia by planePlz boycott Israel productWhat



 I love PepsiNo more Pepsi for me.... #whereismyjet #Pepsi349Boycotting - stop funding (r)ussiaYuck!! You've changed your recipe and it not only tastes foul, but left me with a banging headache :( No warning on label to state the recipe had changed. I had used up the cans of your "old" drinks and bought a pack of the new cans, what a waste!Your new reformulated pepsi in the uk tastes like shit#Pepsi, very lame that you abandoned Facebook in favor of that crap Twitter!! Also pathetic how you only bad crystal Pepsi available for a selected few this year!! BRING IT BACK FOR GOOD!!well done pepsi.........h
ope you also go broke.What year did America introduce Pepsi?pepsi i do buy mountain dew everyday because im a mountain dew lover ever since but in Morning ill buy 2 bottles but im so very disapponting bcoz one bottle have plastic then the other one have something weird inside the bottle.. pepsi watz ur concern about this i make video to proofI have just bought what I thought was original pepsi 8 pack from tesco for £4.75 only to find that it has been loaded with artificial sweeteners.
Have you discontinued proper pepsi and if not how are we supposed to tell the difference between original and this new vile diet version?I too love PepsiVery poor serviceNew recipe Pepsi is What the actual heck have you done to regular Pepsi?! It tastes like a god awful blend of Pepsi Max and Diet Pepsi. You might as well have taken it off the shelves and only sold your sugar free versions. Give Consumers the choice. People have been able to buy sugar free versions all along, nobody wanted this change. I'll be back on regular Coke now, more expensive, but at least it's a real soda.How to win Pepsi?HowtoI just bought are bottle of Pepsi to find out the reason it is so horrible was because of sweeteners. Pepsi what have you done only one option from on Coca-Cola classic.Bring back 40% sugar tins. The new is rubbish. Never drink pepsi again until its brought backthankfulWhere is pepsi ginger????? Bring it bsck pldpotatoes for PUTIN? BOYCOTT BEGINS NOW!Hey Pepsi are you paying people to put stickers on their bikes or this a scam?Hi can I promote your product ???the same of MonsantoHello gd morning.Every day people die in Ukraine. You must leave the russian market. Don't let your good name be tarnished. We urge you to close your production in this bloody russian market. Stop shipping your products to russia. Do not pay taxes to the aggressor!I have just had my first bottle of the reduced sugar Pepsi. I have previously preferred the taste of Pepsi over Coca Cola. I have been drinking it for 60-years with no ill effects. However, the first sip of this made me think I had picked up Diet Pepsi by mistake. I was surprised to see that this was Regular. It tasted like diet. Like others, I don't like taking arificial sweetners for medical reasons. I don't like the taste of this at all. Why change it when it is so loved. I won;t be drinking this again. Sorry it has ended this way. Bye!I'm 57 and been drinking Pepsi for over 40 yrs about a month ago I brought 3 cases of Pepsi 72 cans started to drink them straight away they tasted wrong I still drank them I been to several different shops got some more Pepsi and the taste got worse it is absolutely bloody vile what Pepsi have done to a lovely drink they have ruined it what happened to someone choice of what to drink I hope people who drink Pepsi put so many complaints in the rest of my Pepsi is going down the sink like someone else said on here I will not buy any more I never thought I would say this but I am going to drink coke if you change something put it on the bottle or can bloody angryDisgusting sweetners in regular Pepsi now. What a joke bye bye Pepsi buy coke instead!Please stop using plastic bottlesno thanks pepsi .. I will never drink your anything ever again!!!!!Pull out of RussiaRussia destroyed your factory in Ukraine.

Do you still want your business to be present in territory of russia, the terrorist-state
? leave Russia!!!Badge?What have you done to the original pepsi it's disgusting x great job PepsiSo fuck the Apple boys again, you go down now. So Brani Storm INg now. chi chi.. čus I work for cloathes now. Better world to EWA you have to bring. Lilie from hymalay, just now on silk road. Run in yoga round if you wannaLess sugar just ruined it after buying it for 30 years.AddffOn 24.02.2022 Russia invaded Ukraine. In one moment Russian dictator Vladimir Putin challenged everything we believed and built – freedom, security, future. Our cities and houses are bombed NOW. Alarms are our new reality. Our military forces are combating all over Ukraine NOW – there is no safe place anymore. Our civilians live in bomb shelters, full of fear, desperation and calamity. Our women are giving birth to children in those shelters.

For us, Ukrainians, freedom and democracy are the top priority. We proved that in 1990, 1991, 2004, 2014, 2022. We put our faith in those values and NOW we are the ones in whole world in charge of protecting and guarding them.

And this is NOT ONLY OUR battle. This is the battle between the good and evil. We are on the front line, but the whole world is engaged. And everyone in the world has to choose its side.

Our society believe in everyone’s responsibility for that occurring in the world and our lives. We believe in power of the one. And we believe in power of unity. We believe that there is no sense to wait for tomorrow – it is high time to act NOW.

In this case we are calling all WORLD COMPANIES and BRANDS to participate in one of the most important and complex challenges in XXI century - #ActForUkraineN
ow.

WE CALL:
1. To stop any supplies to and business in/with Russia for the period of Putin’s dictatorship! We believe that money shall not act over fundamental beliefs and values. Think of your side.

2. To demonstrate your public position and support Ukraine in social media with #ActForUkraineN
ow! Moral support is highly appreciated.

3. To send your financial support to Ukrainian army (special account of the National Bank of Ukraine - https://
bank.gov.ua/en/
news/all/
natsionalniy-ban
k-vidkriv-spets
rahunok-dlya-zb
oru-koshtiv-na-
potrebi-armiyi)!

I am Ukrainian. And we will win! But NOW the good needs help more than ever. Choose your side! #ActForUkraineNo
w!I haven't seen any soft drink ! People like as pepsi ! Where i worked ! This particular drink's pepsi everyday ! She said she like pepsi ! That show's pepsi is good ! Am great fan of pepsi drink ! The best soft drink !Pepsi get out of Russia. Working with occupant you kill our peoplePlease again..but make new Black blue Pepsi https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=4234031096
714197&id=80828
7332621941&sfns
n=moPepsi tastes disgusting since you changed the sugar amount, honestly change it back.Just bought 2 x bottles of "regular" PEPSI, what's going on it tastes disgusting. Changed it to diet without labelling it? I'm going back to ASDA for a refund it has the most disgusting aftertaste if I wanted diet I'd buy diet. I'm going back to Coca-Cola.Come on Pepsi pull out of Russia, do the right thing gCONSUMERS: BOYCOTT PEPSI
until they pull out of Russia.
PEPSICO: Shut your doors in Russia NOW.
You are an American corporation—act
like it.No. No. No. I won’t ever buy your product again now you’re added the artificial sweeteners. Fcuk you, PepsiCo.Today I bought a Pepsi and I was for a shock. Regular Pepsi instead of sugar has also have a sweeteners that completely change taste. It shouldn’t be cold Pepsi any more as it taste s….t. It’s back to Coca Cola original for me as it has same formula and Pepsi sold it self to be few pence cheaper to buy.
Business is business I guess I don't like Pepsi anymore because you added sweeteners Hey Pepsi - your new formula of standard Pepsi using sweeteners tastes awful - as you seem to think it's popular, just need to register how it's not in this household.

No doubt this will fall on deaf ears as you don't want to listen to customers.Pull out of Russiathanks for the memories did prefer Pepsi to coca cola R.I.P from Scotland My love for Pepsi is very strongApparently you are now changing it again I’ve just heard. Full sugar version will now be 57% less sugar and new tin.
I’ll give it a mis now.Hello pepis bottling company still expecting your responsehi, how are sales in Russia? What about sales in Iran?u guys should pls mk more 1litre pepsi plsI wondered why I've been feeling sick all evening. By chance bought a bottle of Pepsi for the first time in a LONG while, and never will again. Full price, with sugar tax, and no hint anywhere that the recipe had been changed.3/31/2020 Heads up to shoppers. A worker for Pepsi was at the Krogers 8000 Princeton Glendale WestChester Ohio, 45069. He was not and would not follow the Govenors request for social distancing. A senior citizen was checking out at self check out and he came right next to her and began stocking. He was asked to please wait until she was checking out and he proceeded to tell her that she was ridiculous. Makes you wonder if this is an isolated incident of one employee or Pepsi is not requiring their employees to follow the Social distancing guidelines from the Govenor.OkayYou drink a can you kill a baby in gasa
#BoycottCocaColaIrn Bru and Pepsi both ruined, looks like a it's Classic Coke from now on.But those die-hard Pepsi fans might be swapping allegiance, as the brand has changed it's recipe. Pepsi's new reformulated recipe contains approximately 57% less sugar meaning a 330ml classic can of Pepsi will now contain only 15 grams of sugar rather than 36 grams.2023 I’ve been drinking Pepsi for years now it tastes like Diet Pepsi bring the the good old recipe Pepsi being on the back foot anyway, now shoots itself in the foot and makes it flagship drink... well, undrinkable. This was the last time buying pepsi. Bye bye.Please change Pepsi regular back. You haven’t maintained the taste at all. It’s rank & just tastes like Diet. I’ll no longer buy it if it’s got artificial sweeteners in it. It’s disgusting now.Thanks to your new disguting and sneakily changed recipe, I missed two job interviews today, after getting a migraine and vomiting in the street, from drinking the new artificial sweetener chemicals that you covertly snuck into the Pepsi and failed to announce to regular customers - I have a severe medical reaction to artificial sweeteners which is why I NEVER EVER EVER buy diet products, especially drinks... This is EXTREMELY misleading to what used to be your loyal customers, of which yet another you have lost because they have now switched to original Coke.Hello Pepsi do you have an advert platform on Whatsapp then pay per view??I drank a PEPSI Regular and I nearly DIED because allergic to acesulfame-K. I want compensation.Love it? Since you sneaked in the disgusting artificial sweeteners it's only fit for descaling the toilet! But I'd rather use Harpic than give you my money........Stop supporting Russia. I will never buy another Pepsi product until you stop supporting Russia. Other companies have stopped doing business with Putin, are you telling me that Pepsi is that evil that it's willing to fund the murder of women and children!? Shame on you for being morally bankrupt.Please I did a creative photoshoot for pepsi, u can go to my Facebook wall to see it or my Instagram page @house of Rockstargreat drinkI have a post I have made for Pepsi, how can I get the management to see it or get it to the page please any help?Put the sugar back in it and remove the sweeteners …it don’t even taste like Pepsi anymoreCompletely ruined pepsi now it just tastes foul Pepsi-TOP!!!Arabian Music - https://
youtu.be/
MaQQ5tp68Mk দিয়ে  লিখুন
একটু দেরি হলেও   পাবেন ইনশাআল্লাহ
#everyone#
New recipe is vile. Last in long line of soft drinks who have ruined their product by adding artificial sweeteners to non diet products. There’s an obvious reason why Coca Cola is the best selling soft drink. It boggles the mind that your marketing department can’t see this. I’ve just bought my last Pepsi.What have you done to regular pepsi it's gone horrible Pepsi, stop working with russia! The taxes you pay in Russia, used to kill Ukrainian civilians!Where we should complain against sales and executive person of pepsiTaste great still...Have you changed the recipe?? Because it dont taste good anymore.Please call me sirNo more Pepsi for me. Its ruined the taste completely. Why change Original Pepsi?. You already have Pepsi Max and Original Pepsi now tastes similar, Its disgusting. Now I have no choice but to go to Coca Cola. The guy who came up with idea of ruining Original Pepsi needs dismissal immediately. Original Pepsi was far superior to Coca Cola, shame on you Pepsi for wrecking a Classic soft drinkPepsi product just now have medicine foil inside,,you have to be strict on your quality controll,,,some
of your product have dirt inside like mt.dew.New recipe for regular Pepsi is rank. It’s bland and won’t be buying it again until it’s changed back. There are already lower calories/sugar alternatives out there. Why change something that doesn’t need to be changed? Sort it out Pepsi. Coca Cola will be getting my money insteadYou still work in fascist country - russia? We drink Coke until you leave russia and belarus.Can I ask when will Pepsi be boycotting Russia, until they pull out of Ukraine, I will not be buying Pepsi products until you do, ThankyouGet your products out of Russia.I have just thrown away two entire cases of this garbage because 1. we had our trust betrayed and were not told of any recipe change, which is a huge deal when your entire family are allergic to artificisal sweetners. 2. Artificial sweetners cause me and my family to have nausea, migraines and stomach cramps. 3. Tried giving these to the neighbours but they didn't want them as they also find the taste utterly revolting and won't have sweetners. 4. The shop has been so inundated by angry customers with requests to take this garbage back, that they now have a big sign up saying ''Please note, Pepsi has changed its recipe - we will not be offering refunds or exchanges once purchaced'' so down the outside drain it went and I am furious! Even if they change back, the fact that this was done so sneakily and behind everyones back, I've lost trust with them and I'm sticking with Coke from now on.The new classic Pepsi in the UK now is horrible with less sugar and added sweetener. That's not classic anymore. Always I chose Pepsi instead of coke but now after some years of classic Pepsi I go back to coke. I hope someone from Pepsi to read all those comments about the new formula.You ruined Pepsi cola and 7up.
Bring back the original recipe!!!BRING BACK THE OLD STYLE WHITE PEPSI CAN Third class staffNo idea the recipe had changed to sweeteners. I’m allergic to sweeteners. I can’t believe Pepsi have gotten away with not labelling this change on cans and bottles. Just had a can and it tasted foul. Will be going to full sugar coke. You’ve ruined my favourite soda that I’ve literally preferred over coke all my life.Why you support russia!? They kill ukrainians right now! We need to act together to stop terrorists!#pepsi I am asking for your help so that I can complete my wife's medical expenses, my condition is not really good economically because I have spent a lot of money since she started to get sick, I have gone through a lot of hardships because of saving her life, it has helped to some extent but I am here asking for your help to bring him to India for further treatment, thank you

: Once again But am here looking for a support,, my wife suffering for Cancer,,
Please I need ur contribution for her further treatment to abroad sir please,,
Her treatment cost approximately to $35000
We already ended up all our money for her treatment,, am here asking you for anything sir pleaseI cannot see you physically so as I can talk with you and sharing with you but I need ur help,am here please.
I sharing with you coz I need a help,I cannot see you and talk with you but I tried my level best to do so,,am here pleaseIs there anyone who can help the needy?If Pepsi greets me, I'll buy a soda right nowwhere should I send the codes from the pepsi bottles, thanks for the infoWow Pepsi taste awful now, well done for ruining a winning formulabyecote israel products we love for palestinethis is absolutely disgusting  all u can taste now is sweeteners in that new recipeGive John Leonard his Harrier!boycotting Pepsi supporting Ukraine BOYCOTT ALL PEPSI PRODUCTS FOR SUPPORTING WAR CRIMES!!!!!!!! DORITOS, LAYS, MOUTAIN DEW, LIPTON, GATORADE, QUAKER, TROPICANA, 7 UPAbsolutely fuming with you. I'm allergic to Acesulfame K and just discovered this the hard way. You could have put 'new recipe' on your product so I might have checked before drinking it. My choice of soft drinks is already quite limited with this allergy and now I can't drink Pepsi 

Not only that it tastes #%£&^% vile!Need a fridge am located NairobiBoss MessiI will boycott all Pepsi products as the company is still profiting in Russia despite promises.New Pepsi is awful..........
RIP Pepsi...... Coca Cola must be rubbing their hands togetherYou dodgy Arses ,, you didn't even let anyone know you were changing the formula to thgis revolting mess.
Your PR and Customer service dept let you down in a big way on this one.
Should have asked your customer base before doing this.

You have literally just released diet Pepsi in ,,, a different can.Hi am from Ghana , am having a team which will never disappoint you PepsiIt's awful and sad what you made with the New Pepsi. Still looks the same but taste so much worse. Until now I only bought Pepsi products but I will change to Coca-Cola. I think many of us thinks the same, I'm furious about this change.Pepsi turbo drive JYT6WDJX - Double Hataw IYPK9W9I claiming Rame Morales Camus grand prizes.VloNo recent post,
Why Pepsi Please take note of this Pepsi!!! Everyone hates this new recipe it's gross , your customers have spoken !one pepsi, 2 pepsisPlease will you bring Pepsi twist to the uk?I'm Very happyPepsi my favorite drinkI have interest do the work with you..
what about you think..?Listen to me carefully! See what's happening around! All self-respecting
companies have already left the Russian market, since it is absolutely unworthy to support aggressors and murderers. Be reasonable and don't hurt yourself. Be so kind as to leave the Russian market as soon as possible!Has the recipe been changed or is my pepsi poisonedTime to boycott Pepsi  The new recipe is disgusting  you have just ruined a classic! & my favourite drink  is it the cost of sugar? Or an attempt to nanny us while we are constantly threatened with nuclear war & viruses? Whatever it’s soft drink suicide & a culture crime in my eyes. Shocking! I’ll not be buying it again.where to complain about your product here phillipineswhy dont you just put ukrainian blood in the ingredients81 cr-cap@RETAL16How do I invest in Pepsi IncHie Pepsi plz help me I want to advertise you product on my Moto bikeWon't be buying Pepsi again! If I wanted a drink with sweetners I would of bought diet pepsi. Bloody disgusting.Why you guys don't recreates pepsi man on mobile app same or better version of the classic pepsi man on PS1?I’M PAYING 5 GRANDS TO The First 7 People To Message Me "HARD LABOR" stay blessed y'allwow you guys might want to see about suing these cops for saying that people use mountain dew after drug use https://
youtu.be/
D-ASNKReTc0I’m stopping buying your products - you’re supporting war! Shame on you!An official announcement: Due to the recent price rises and the current cost of living crisis Pepsi Max referred to by me as Nectar of the Gods will no longer be purchased in my household. After extensive taste testing including Tesco Stockwell cola, Tesco own cola, Asda essentials cola, Co-op own brand cola and Aldi Xero cola the new Nectar of the Gods crown for price and taste goes to Barr's Xtra Cola. Let it be known throughout the land that from this day forth purchase of the old Pepsi Max will be frowned upon.I made a simple video advert for Pepsi
But I can't post it PepsiStop selling in Russia, we won't be buying any more of your products until you do the right thing. Do you really want this on your conscience and to be branded like thisWhere is kid's jet?Hate the new taste. Was perfect beforeNo love in when you find you have a damaged case of Pepsi :( nothing worse when you for a can of your fav soft drink! and its damagedCan’t believe you’ve added sweeteners to the “full sugar” pepsi  you absolute c**ts!where is my jetBad stomach is right.What are the requirements to be a distributor in Agbele Ogun StateBring back full sugar pepsi, your new stuff is disgusting. I want a choice of wether i drink full sugar drinks. I cant drink diet as the sweeteners affect my stomach.Pepsi l designed couple of advertisements (posters) for pepsi and i wish to post them on your page but i don't know how to do that and where to post them. Please be kind to inform me that how can I send them for you.Thank you!Stop sponsoring murder! Stop supplying russia, it is killing innocent peopleBefor Messi my mom is drink 7upHead STAND PEPSI fucking the apple head stand Madeira is still there it is cloath type I have had on my baby blanket. YEA I had them and they are never gonna to desapeare as my love in heart to ONE man who safe my life. Please take the God Truth Lesson and start to work right without faking for diabetes kids, to keep them. This is your new insight I am giving to you from Jesus the baby, which was brought in one Christmass day. Let´´ans together 58 and 59 tell the truth and do it right. You will win in the end LOVE in all hearts also thanks to all homeless people drinking your products too. Let them know who you are. Than you do real marketing. Him to do otherwise wise kill by someone other to do with him and his choreograPHy. I love him https://
www.facebook.com
/events/
yoga-studio-nová
-francouzska/
yoga-retreat-mad
eira-říjen-2019
/
364323130874750/it's not about taste anymore, but about good and evil.
#cocacola

chose the latter.
#pepsi

time for your counterattack is now!!!Today is a sad day. After drinking and enjoying Pepsi for more than 50 years I will not be buying any more. Reason? because today I bought a bottle of regular "full fat" Pepsi, took one mouthful and spate it out. The taste was awful and I had an instant headache, knew straight away what they had done.... put godawful sweetener crap into the mix, it was vile. the after taste lingered as well. Sorry Pepsi you've let me down ( not just me methinks) and until you remove that poisonous artificial garbage, I will never purchase any more of your products. SO DISAPPOINTED I can’t believe you have ruined my favourite drink with this new sneaky recipe. I’m happy to pay the sugar tax to bring back that classic taste! Please sort it out Pepsi mask availableJust realised Ive been drinking sweeteners when searching for the cause of the headaches that I've been getting lately. Wouldn't it have been considerate to put "new recipe" or something like that on the label? thought it was tasting bad because i had some kind of virus. I feel violated by the stealth sweeteners, at least I have a choice to drink coke instead stillStop all links with Russia.Grilled Chicken with pepsi
https://
youtu.be/
YNBkKV4RK7AFOR THE LOVE!! FOR THE PEACE!!
#banrussia

UKRAINE  is on fire! Don’t stay aside! Influence!Pepsi tastes badI am sorry to see you have chosen to add artificial sweeteners to your regular Pepsi.

They are now in your regular, diet and max versions...ther
e are no available options for those who choose/can't take sweeteners.

Is it too difficult to ask for regular to contain sugar, diet to contain less sugar replaced by sweeteners and a max version containing only sweeteners?GET OUT OF RUSSIA #standwithukrain
e The one you are producing in Nigeria is too watery, it's like u are now using black eveLove it Why have you changed something that was not broken.why is there not a label saying that you have changed the ingredients. We have to pay extra for normal pepsi.ive drunk your product for 40 years. Unfortunately I can not support you anymore with this change ,it tastes like max that I've never liked. I'm so sorry to of learn this news now especially as I've still got 20 cans in my fridge. thanks for the good times, but thank God for Coke .New Pepsi is disgusting. Please change back. We should be allowed to have the classic Pepsi if we want it. People aren’t forced to have low calorie doughnuts. If I wanted diet I’d buy diet. I drink Pepsi every day - not any more! I’ll try to find supplies of the old formula and then stop drinking when that runs out. Please rethink! I can’t have sweeteners and wasn’t warned of change.I like this drink cuz it's low gasPlease make import to IndonesianJust vile now. Back to Coke!Had new pepsi. AwfulRegular Pepsi has become disgusting with this burning yeasty bitter flavour of artificial "sweeteners" that aren't sweet at all and is no longer sweet or like barely so, hardly noticeable over the "sweeteners" and the aftertaste. At first I thought I bought a bottle from a somehow spoiled batch at a local off licence that they maybe didn't store it in right conditions or something, but then when I bought some in a Tesco (so would acquire stock completely independently) it was the same, so I googled and there it is, they apparently cut sugar by some almost 60% and replaced it with the "sweeteners". If I wanted that I would buy a pepsi max or a pepsi light or something... It's enough that KFC removed sugary pepsi in favour of some crappy juices nobody wants, now all pepsi is some disgusting burning bitter crap with aftertaste like spoiled/badly prepared yeasty bakings...Please stop manufacturing plastic bottlesHello. Please stop trading in Russia. Like other companies have. Free Ukraine. Thank you.More love for #pepsiHey Pepsi, did you know that McDonalds have temporarily closed outlets in Russia? Just saying. #BoycottPepsi #DotherightthingCan u coca cola competion In my biggest group in pakistanHow long will we wait for your decision? Maybe it's time to muster up the courage and leave Russia, as everyone is asking you? Stop being cowards, fight for justice! Fight against world tyranny! Believe me, your withdrawal from the Russian market will accelerate the onset of peace in Ukraine!Just went to the local supermarket and they had run out of Coca-Cola but the shelfs are full of pepsi....I left the store and traveled to the next store and got myself some Cherry and normal coke....I'll never drink pepsi again....same price taste like shit as you have put sweetners in yet the price has not even dropped...keepi
ng that sugar tax for yourselfsThe new Pepsi receipe is absolute rank, why mess woth something that works and there are already no sugar alternatives! No more pepsi for meWhy have you changed regular Pepsi? You have a myriad of different sugar free flavours and only ONE bottle that didn’t contain sweeteners. Now those of us who can’t tolerate sweeteners don’t even have that. It tastes like all your other ‘diet’ versions now and is absolutely awful. I can’t stand sweeteners or diet versions. Full fat Pepsi was my one treat and now I don’t even have that. I’m currently trying to give up smoking and believe it or not pepsi was helping me but now I feel like my coping mechanism for stopping smoking has been taken. Unless you return to your original recipe you’ve lost a customer, and I doubt I’ll be the only one. At least Coke still have their full fat version, AND I can get a full fat flavoured one too as they still have their cherry version.Switched to coke now that they have ruined Pepsi. It is outrageous that they have changed it without publicising the fact. Please bring original Pepsi back.Sort out the recipe for Pepsi, it tastes absolutely vile now my favourite drink i have all the reasonsI am zoone photograph I like to be one of your photographCoca Cola / Pepsi ,,,Are you serious,, still selling, making and trading in Russia and Belarus making a profit why Ukraine suffers and die at the hands of a murder another Hitler. I will never buy your products ever again !!!!!!!!!!!!PEPSI Still supportitng Russian agresion....NOT LEAVING RUSSIA - No more Pepsi in our hotel!Business on the blood of Ukrainians: which international companies finance the Russian army
Some companies have taken significant steps to reduce investment, but have not completely stopped their activities in Russia. In 2021, these companies paid 20 billion to the budget. Who is the biggest sponsor of the war?
Wednesday, March 16, 2022, 08:55 - Bohdan Miroshnychenko , Dmytro Denkov
Collage by Andriy Kalistratenko

Russia in the past two weeks left More than 200 foreign companies Tens of thousands of Russians have lost their jobs, and millions have lost access to quality and high-tech goods. All this hit the occupier's economy hard.

However, there are companies that intend to stay in Russia until the last minute. Despite sanctions and a war, they continue to serve the Russian market.

Russia spends on the army about 15% of the state budget and even more - to support the dictatorial regime. Thus, when these companies pay taxes to the Russian budget, they finance its armed forces and shelling of Ukrainian cities.

According to the EP, the largest foreign companies that remain in Russia, with the exception of banks, pay about $ 20 billion to the Russian budget. More than 40% of them are tobacco giants.

Some companies have taken significant steps to reduce advertising budgets or investments, but have not completely ceased their activities and continue to serve the occupier market.

Such measures allow companies to keep profits and are an attempt to wait out the period of aggression.

The journalists of the EP together with the team of the deputy from the "Servant of the People" Marian Zablocki conducted a study and calculated how much taxes are paid to the budget of the Russian Federation by companies that continue to do business in a terrorist state. The calculations are based on open sources - from the public reporting of Russian legal entities of international companies for 2020.

What are the companies that sponsor the war through the Russian budget, and why are they in no hurry to leave Russia? Most of them in one of the last speeches called Vladimir Zelensky.

Secondly, these companies employ tens of thousands of workers. They motivate their decision to continue cooperation with the aggressor by "caring for ordinary people".

In total, these retailers pay about $ 700 million in taxes.

It is noteworthy that a large share of Russian retail is accounted for by French companies. They were mentioned Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov.

"I am very sorry when companies remain in Russia. By the way, France is the leader here. Almost all French companies remain in the aggressor country and work for bloody money.

This money is all in the blood of our children, our loved ones. They need to think about it. Don't they understand that Putin is using this money to buy shells that kill children? They need to be aware of that, "he said.
Food Industry

The following large food producers remain in Russia: Nestle (Switzerland), Mars (USA), Danone (France), PepsiCo (USA), Coca-Cola (USA).

In 2020, these five companies had revenues 728 billion rubles ($ 9.9 billion). They account for the lion's share of the range in supermarkets.

Nestle Corporation owns a number of well-known brands: Nescafe, Nesquik, Kit Kat, Purina, Nuts, Fitness. The company announced its intention to work with the occupying country, although it limited investment and sales of certain products.

Danone also suspended investment projects in Russia, but maintained dairy production and distribution.

Coca-Cola and PepsiCo have announced the suspension of business in some areas, but no final decisions have been made.

The American company Mars only suspended investments after the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The share of the Russian market for these companies is not as significant as for retailers or tobacco producers, so it would be easier for them to refuse to cooperate with the occupier.

Coca-Cola, Nestle, PepsiCo and Mars paid $ 2.1 billion in taxes in Russia.

Auto industry

Despite harsh technological sanctions and a shortage of spare parts, some automakers are ready to continue operating in Russia. Among them are Renault (France), Hyundai (Korea), Kia Motors (Korea), Mitsubishi (Japan) and Nissan (Japan).

In 2020, these producers raised 880 billion rubles ($ 11.8 billion) from the Russian market.

The greatest attention is focused on Renault, which has stopped its plants, but continues to cooperate with AvtoVAZ. The French concern owns 66% of the Russian auto giant and does not yet intend to go out of business.

According to Motor.ru , if the French owner decides to leave the Russian car industry, AvtoVAZ plants will be able to assemble only two models: Niva Legend and Niva Travel.

Korean Hyundai has shut down plants due to a lack of components, but has not announced its withdrawal. In Russia, the company collected 200,000 cars a year, which is 4% of its global capacity.

Hyundai will not stop supplying cars, as well as another Korean company - Kia. The latter has 14 factories in Russia, employing 52,000 people.

Japan's Mitsubishi is operating in the aggressor country's market on a full-time basis, although its subsidiary Mitsubishi Electric has cut off supplies. Nissan has also announced a temporary shutdown, but without a complete exit from the Russian market.

Renault, Mitsubishi, Hyundai and Kia together pay $ 2.5 billion in taxes.
Chemical Industry

For all these companies, the Russian market is not strategic and accounts for only a few percent of total revenue.

These three producers alone pay about $ 600 million in taxes annually to the occupying country's budget.
Others

American Procter & Gamble , which owns the brands Tide, Ariel, Gillette, Venus, Head & Shoulders, Oral-B, Old Spice, has limited investment and advertising in connection with Russia's invasion of Ukraine, but has not stopped.

, Valve , Epic Games Sony and Nintendo have some problems with payment systems, but will also continue to operate in the Russian market.

The American restaurant chain Burger King first stated that it considers the Russian market to be strategic, so it is not going to leave it, and then suspended support for restaurants - whatever that means.

remains unclear McDonald's , KFC and Starbucks , which have temporarily closed their restaurants due to aggression,

Russia's toughest test for foreigners is still ahead, but many companies expect to survive the crisis and Russia Tankstellen Gaszprom und Lukoil boykottieren !!! https://
youtu.be/
dRgJNk9d_9I russia spezial operation !!! https://
de.wikipedia.org
/wiki/
Sprengstoffansch
läge_auf_Wohnhä
user_in_Russlan
d Killer !!Pepsi used to be the best now y’all ruined it it’s disgusting nowour local Tesco has stopped stocking Raspberry which i love, replacing it with the new pepsi Mango !!! Yuck,. If raspberry has been stopped (like the lovely Ginger flavour) then they dont have me as a regular customerI won’t be buying Pepsi it’s revolting going back to Coca Cola probably like millions of others Pepsi u made big mistake changing the PepsiJust wondering if you even did a market test with the new pesi regular recipe, it tastes terrible, and it costs the same amount. There is no notice on the label , I assume because if you had the sales would have reduced quicker. Well good luck with the new recipe launch , I won't be drinking pepsi anymore it just tastes terrible, if I wanted sweetners in my pepsi I would just choose one of your diet versions.Well said.  I have gone home to Coca Cola because Pepsi is poison, no natural sugars, and it’s cancer causing chemicals in the fake sugar.War sponsors! In 2023 still Funding Russian war in UkraineWe (BritneyArmy) choose u #PepsiNumbers 3⃣4⃣9⃣ will forever hunt you, PepsiFor the love of it:
(This has been endorsed by Pepsi)
https://
www.facebook.com
/
bjornvidarzeldaj
ohansen/posts/
3656489314465158How come you are continuing selling your products in Russia????
Shocking behaviour Pepsi need to backtrack with the artificial sweetener now in regular pepsi. It was called regular for a reason. If you wanted to introduce a reduced sugar version then do that but not advertising the change is landing people who are allergic to acesulfame in the emergency room. Not good.

#acesulfamepoiso
ning #anaphylaxisawar
enessWhy does Pepsi regular now contain sweeteners? I’m sure the plan isn’t to slowly poison us or reduce sales?how to get distribution in lahore

any one please tell mePepsi blueGet out of Russia now or we will boycott you!just fucked up my long awaited vodka ,ice and pepsi!! its been my prefered mixer for years as coke was a tad to sweet but pepsi has just shot themselves in the foot , they already flood the shops with pepsi max and pepsi zero but decide to make the good stuff taste as wank as them// pepsi you owe me a qt glass of vodka and 2 down the drain cans of your shite not to mention the rest of the multi pack going in the binPepsiHello poh my concern poh ako about ur productPlease don't pull that same shit that Coke did, I want one decent Cola to drinkThought my Pepsi tasted weird. You’ve gone and ruined it. At least the goat Coca Cola still makes coke right. Wont be having this again I was team Pepsi, but sorry I am on the other team since the recipe change. I can't stomach the added sweeteners Thanks for loving Pepsi product..I love Pepsi hired me direck employee thru a friend salesman in ourtowm..bayawa
n city pH those days ...pol hisonawanjockwai@yaho
o.com.hkI’ve been a Pepsi girl for 50 years,your recipe change is,sorry to be blunt but it tastes like shite..Stop selling in Russia and Belarus - children are DYING and parents are grieving - I will never buy from you again until you do the right thing to do your bit to encourage an end to war. Absolute shame on you.Pepsi management is liar ,I was start a new business,Pepsi, you have destroyed the taste of my generation! Not going to buy it ever again #boycottpepsiNEW PEPSI is horribleWhat's wrong with Coca-Cola?Someone at pepsi needs to read this https://
www.tandfonline.
com/doi/full/
10.1080/
10937404.2023.22
13903 they need to stop using sucralose if this medical research is trueThought I was drinking diet Pepsi, yuk, I hate artificial sweeteners, back to Coke then.What have u done????
New recipe tastes horrible, my friend thought he'd bought cherry flavour by accident 
Oh well, back to Cola HUMAN ECOLOGY AND AGRO ECOLOGY
The difference between 1.5°C, 2°C and 3°C global warming means vastly different scenarios for our future.Limiting
temperature rise is still possible if we ACT NOW
"Idon’t know how to save the world. I don’t have the answers or The Answer. I hold no secret knowledge as to how to fix the mistakes of generations past and present. I only know that without compassion and respect for all of Earth’s inhabitants, none of us will survive—nor will we deserve to"Leonard Peltier.The Earth's Inhabitants have to act on
TOP 10 Named Global Risks by Severity Over Next 10 years
1:Climate Action failure
2:Extreme weather
3:Biodiversity loss
4:Social cohesion erosion
5:Livelihood crisis
6:Infectious diseases
7:Human Environmental damage
8:Natural Resources crisis
9:Debt crises
10:Geo economic confrontation
. "Without nature,we have nothing,without
nature we are nothing"Anto'ni
o Guterres UN Secretary -General
Environmental degradation is at its pace,climate crisis is at its pace,global warming is at its pace,ecological
disaster is at its pace.LET'S JOINTLY WORK TO MITIGATE CLIMATE CRISIS
https://
www.facebook.com
/
100007833759303/
posts/
3519833738287717
/?app=fblPepsi has lowered it sugar content by more then half its like drinking diet Pepsi, I will no longer be buying it.WowPepsi, is this more of your false advertising?Oh dear #pepsi what have you done? You seem to be having your own self-inflicted "New Coke" moment! I have been a life long fan of Pepsi ever since I tasted its ice-cold sugary goodness from a soda fountain attached to our local cinema in the mid 70s. I even took the Pepsi Challenge in the 80s and you were the hands down winner. But the new formulaton is utterly disgusting with a lingering aftertaste of artifical sweetener which I just can't tolerate. I'll be returning the six bottles I just bought fom Asda as undrinkable and won't be buying any more until you put the recipe back the way it was. You've just switched a customer (and his family) of nearly 50 years over to Coke - nice one.celebration with pepsi https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=7kvHM0xu
y0oI'm glad many people have come on this old post to complain..it's nasty...i hate the taste of sweetener and this was my "go to" the aftertaste lasts for hours and makes your mouth dry so not exactly something you'd reach for in Summer. Sneaking it in on the qt is a bit sly too! On the plus side we still have coke i guess! I have to also point out that places in the UK are still charging the sugar tax on this trash too! Just another part of being ripped off in the UK i guess!Pepsi tastes terrible in the UK change it back to how it was before you removed the sugar and added the embalming fluidPepsi was added to icoholder.com and is available here https://
icoholder.com/
en/ico-1012831King Russia best country in the world
I believe in Russian supremacyCan India stop drinking pepsi?Will you make weight gainer pepsi,I am from South bekasi,west java,indonesia,
we're looking forward for your newest factory in cikarang,west java,indonesia soon.thanks        
PalestineIn support of #Blacklivesmatte
r and to show solidarity with the mourners of George Floyd, I am asking you to:… See MoreDear
Pepsi
The land of Sudan owns two rivers, and now millions of apartments and some hotels can be built next to it
But we need to put a concrete barrier to the river water
Thank you so muchHey pepsi,
Your new black cover of pepsi is fucked with sugar, what's wrong mhen !!?I need to contact with some responsible official from PepsiCo have some issue. Thnxhttps://
youtu.be/
zIcl4DcD3IAthe micdrop is excellent!New Pepsi tastes rankhttps://
youtu.be/
KGwd4It4c0khttps://bit.ly/
3SbtCZkPlease help me look at my account a little bit because I can't open itCongratulations
. Danone and PepsiCo remain the largest players in the Russian dairy market.https://
youtu.be/
WEzJyXUQ-vshttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=4ORyBW8U
2Ikhttps://
youtu.be/
eNr_E1SFrA4#Algeria_and_Cam
eroon_match_Inj
ust_Bring_Us_ba
ck_the_match_wh
ere_is_FiFaLEAVE RUSSIA YOU FUCKS..YOU MADE 3 BILLIONS LAST YEAR,YOU CAN AFFORD TO SHUT DOWN IN RUSSIAGood tastehttps://
youtu.be/
wND_mYl-Vro#WEWANTPEPSIBLUE
BACKBoycott Israeli ProductsNO MICHAEL JACKSON NO PEPSI. #Boycottpepsihttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=2040209790
88803&id=100084
427056830&mibex
tid=Nif5ozI absolutely adore the new branding thats coming. Shame about the 'New Pepsi' that will be inside that amazing branding. For the sake of Palestine, we boycotted you Well pepsi you can go stick it .you have fucked up your drink by putting sweetener in it that all I can taste u now lost another customer. Looks like i will be drinking cherry coke from nowChristians-Cath
olics, Orthodox, Protestants, Buddhists, Peace-loving Muslims, Jews, Arabs and others-wake up and come to your senses. While you are in conflict with each other, pan-Turkism is coming. Somewhere crawling, as in European countries, somewhere fighting, as in Nagorno-Karabak
h, somewhere covertly, as in Ukraine, Russia and Georgia, somewhere openly, as in Central Asia-but they are advancing with broad steps. One fine morning you will not wake up because you will be cut up in your own bed, as happened to the Armenians, Greeks and Bulgarians in 1915. They will get rid of you completely and begin to own the values you created, as they did with the Aya Sophia and other Christian heritage. They secretly rejoice in the conflicts between Christians and wait for their finest hour, and if this continues, then this hour is not so far away. Get sober.#CloseDownInRuss
iaPepsi is now the worst drink everhttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELNew classic pepsi taste like s**t. I wish U have informed customers about sweeteners. 7 cans landed in the bin. Goodbye Pepsi!https://
www.facebook.com
/20446254070/
posts/
1015931300391907
1/?app=fblPepsi is my best cool drink ... Sometime this take a work out with a plastic of Pepsi..Disgusting. I'd just bought an 8 pack of cans and you can't see the ingredients under the shrink wrap! Just as the World Health Organisation issued the warning about the risks of Aspartame and Aesulfame Potassium. Put the recipe back as it was. There are plenty of diet versions for those who don't want sugar.https://
www.facebook.com
/
100050589874876/
posts/
578884193807905/
?app=fblhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=kTeTbxZT
OCIIshira Raevskihttps://
www.facebook.com
/
109475524314309/
posts/
424860569442468/
?app=fbl























https://
www.pepsi.com/Pepsi is no longer pepsi taste like cheap cola lost a long time customer hwewhttps://
opensea.io/
assets/matic/
0x2953399124f0cb
b46d2cbacd8a89c
f0599974963/
6940156719350778
407343372996764
434274530140708
003307332403275
087747796592230
5/https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=7106637072
743419&id=10000
1915910408I thought I had bought Diet Pepsi by mistake, then when the next bottle also tasted disgusting, I discovered on good old Google that Pepsi has decided to change its recipe by stealth, cutting out 57% of the natural sugar and replacing it with artificial sweeteners that are even worse for us. It tastes vile, and the fact that there isn't even a warning on the bottle really is deceitful. Pepsi regular was the perfect drink, but it's absolutely disgusting now. Why didn't you leave it alone and allow the customers to choose whether they want natural sugar or dangerous chemicals masquerading as 'healthier option' sweeteners? Like others have said, I hope your sales plummet, and I'm praying that Coca Cola doesn't go down the same route, as that's what I'll be buying from now on 































































Arte RVL


















































 


















 


















 



















RJ Weiland Trinidad















 


















 


































 


















 

































































































































Isabel Chilombo, Bring back ordinary sugar, hate the new Pepsi 






























































PLEASE BOYCOTT THESE ISRAELI/JEWISH PRODUCTS
*We have 2 options to select one:
(1)Boycott these products
or
(2)let Israel buy bullets to kill innocent Palestinian children.....
Coke.
Fanta
Sprite
Pepsi.
Tang
7up
Twix
Kit Kat
Kraft
Nescafe
Kellogs
Max
Cheetos
Nestle
Walls
Loreal
Revelon
Marks and Spencer
Johnson's &Johnson’s
Pampers
Huggies
Colgate
Oral B
Lipton
Nokia
iPhone
HP
Intel
IBM
Mc Donald's
KFC
Burger King
Lays
Garnier
Maggi
Always
Nido
Please forward this message as a Muslim.https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00086550072315https://
www.facebook.com
/
MahmudBappi678/https://
www.facebook.com
/
MahmudBappi678/





https://
www.facebook.com
/
MahmudBappi678/








https://
www.facebook.com
/
MahmudBappi678/349














 https://
photos.app.goo.g
l/
vrvNgRDtxqgK1nMT
A



























































































, https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
484221806183246/
?ref=share_group
_link






















Is Pepsi going to stop business in russian federation because of war in Ukraine?


https://
youtu.be/
57pS0fTw4qg









WHY WHY WHY have you added artificial RUBBISH to the original Pepsi? Pepsi and original Coca cola were the only drinks I can have as SOME PEOPLE CANNOT DRINK SWEETENER/S AS ALLERGIC TO IT………….. I am beginning to feel that I cannot decide for myself, as an adult, what I am allowed to drink. The governments sugar tax need looking at as it doesn’t seem to be working so PLEASE, PLEASE PUT THE SUGAR BACK………….I THREW 6 cans away thinking they had been off plus made me ill !!! Husband can drink anything and he was complaining if chronic heartburn after it. Bet I don’t get a reply?Only the best energy drink on the planet#pepsiwheresjohn
leonardsjetPepsi agent please
Pm meRobert PartridgeMustafa Bin Hamza#مليونيه30يونيو
No Pepsi for me until you pull out of RussiaLeo Messieczema? drink wine... bye bye Pepsi….ɪɴɴᴏᴄᴇɴᴛ ʙᴏʏʏhttps://
fb.watch/
n72RRiCvq0/
?mibextid=ZbWKwLCan’t believe you changed the recipe for Pepsi. I thought I might have covid or a dental problem as tasted slightly of toothpaste and not great, then started getting headaches. Had to dig to find out you’ve cut over half the sugar and using sweetener. People who can’t have sweetener are unaware and diabetics who use pepsi to up their blood sugar when it drops dangerously low suddenly are unaware.
Disgusting new recipe and pointless as you already have diet and max.https://
fb.watch/
odyh6sJcHa/
?mibextid=NOb6eGDeliver the Harrier Jet! Thanks for pulling out of Russia todayJust here to say that adding sweeteners was a proper school boy error, and see most comments are along the same lines. How much profit loss will you suffer before you realise the error? Anyway just bought my first 24 pack of coke , they can have my money from now on!https://
fb.watch/
fKFIQvAWP3/Let us know when you come to your senses and put the regular Pepsi back to the original taste you numpty company
Pepsi sponsors Russian terrorists who kill Ukrainian children and pregnant women.Azuka Loveth C

#stopbusinessinr
ussia, Its a thermal blanket. Twats.https://
readforu.com/
a-story-of-pepsi
-and-a-jet-airc
raft/,  ,Pepsi used to be the drink of the gods. That first long sip of the day would bring tears to my eyes. Now, recipe ruined with carcinogens.I just wish, that when you decided to change the receipe of "original" Pepsi, that you'd changed the labelling to reflect this. Particularly as some of us can suffer adverse reactions to certain artificial sweeteners.
I've just bought a 2litre bottle, and it tastes disgusting. Completely spoiled the bourbon I was hoping to enjoy. Thankfully, in this instance, the sweetener turned out not to be aspartame - this causes me to get migraine so bad, that I'm unable to drive - but for all that, I do wish you'd given some clue as to the changes made.
Coca-Cola now seems to be the only readily available soft drink that is both safe for me to drink, and palatable.
#vilepepsiWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... Pepsi with sweetener - every bit as disgusting as Dr Pepper with sweetener.

Which woke prick in your company made that decision?https://
www.change.org/
p/
change-the-pepsi
-formula-back-t
o-how-it-was?re
cruiter=false&u
tm_source=share
_petition&utm_m
edium=facebook&
utm_campaign=ps
f_combo_share_i
nitial&utm_term
=share_for_star
ters_page&recru
ited_by_id=de01
e3a0-cdd4-11ed-
8686-adf99073b4
1d&share_bandit
_exp=initial-35
844895-en-GB&ut
m_content=fht-3
5844895-en-gb%3
A0Sue WelshSome feedback on the new Recipe; it tastes like half a glass of the old recipe mixed with half a glass of Max, there’s a sour aftertaste now.

Pepsi your lifelong competitor (the one with the Red label ) brought out a ‘New’ recipe back in 1985 and ended up reverting back just three months later. I’d suggest you read the overwhelming feedback and do the same quickly.PepsiNelson Valerio DoraPepsi why have you ruined a classic recipe?? If I wanted less sugar and sweatenerst I’d drink Diet Pepsi or Pepsi max.. please bring back the original recipe….. Pepsi remember your adverts? It's all about the taste. Well this is how I would describe it now.https://
youtu.be/
phkW86_3Yl4So now you're going to replace 57% with artificial sweeteners? Great! Another treat I'm gonna be forced to abandon! WHY!?GET OUT OF RUSSIA #standwithukrain
e  you are on the wrong side of the conflict the sane world stands against you. If you don't do the right thing you will lose much more money longer term.https://
m.facebook.com/
100085310067834/My family and I ask you to stop operations in Russia, until Russia stops killing Ukrainian children. Thank you!Arte RVLArte RVLArte RVLArte RVLArte RVLArte RVLArte RVLArte RVL
I know that your mission is apolitical and stands outside of any particular place, time or event. I know you have the right values and noble intentions. I know that you want to enrich the world and that your products bring enrichment to the world and make it a brighter place.

I understand your concern and nervousness when we turn to you about the war in Ukraine. Who are we to call on you to take action against Russia? After all, we cannot know your situation, the consequences of possible steps, or your strategy, plans and realistic options.

"People must fight against the evil they feel equal to measure up to at that moment," said Jan Palach, the 20-year-old Czech who burned himself to death in 1969 to protest the Russian occupation of Czechoslovakia.

The truth is that we as individuals feel powerless, and that this terrible powerlessness naturally leads us to turn to you. You are not powerless, you are not alone, you are not a single pixel in the big picture, but a clearly visible big player even from a distance.

That is why we are turning to you and asking you, more or less politely or, on the contrary, boldly or even aggressively, whether you can stand on the right side even in these difficult times and whether it is in your power to take concrete steps in this matter. For example: Is it possible for you to withdraw from Russia or to support Ukraine financially, preferably by making a financial contribution directly to the Ukrainian army to an account set up by the Ukrainian embassy?

We are appealing to you because we believe that coming together and finding concrete ways of support is the only way out of this disaster and the only way how to save two countries and two nations... and, in the same time, 21st century as the century of the modern civilized world.

We trust that you will make the right decision.

If you find any way how you could support Ukraine, please let me and let us know. It will encourage our own courage to fight for humanity.Pepsi - You got the sugarfree Pepsi Max.
Why the H*** do you ruin the original sugar Pepsi by mixing in all kinds of artificial sugar replacement in it ????
I think I'll change to COCA-COLA TAPE INC.PepsiGET RID OF THIS FILTHY LETHAL MUCK NOW SUPERMARKETS CAN'T EVEN GET RID OF IT IT'S SO DISGUSTING WE BRITS ARE NOT IN THE EU AND WE ARE CAPABLE OF MAKING UP OUR OWN MINDS AS REGARDS TO SUGAR THIS WILL BACKFIRE ON YOU BIG TIME. I HVE NOW SWITCHED BACK TO COCA COLA.Pull out of Russia now. Don't put profits before humanity. #BoycottPepsiReally disappointed in the change in recipe
Won’t be buying Pepsi againThank you for sponsoring violence against women in Bulgaria.
Without your support ’Toto’ from Bulgaria wouldn’t have been able to share in his ‘podcast’ on YouTube a brutal story of another lunatic who proudly shaved and humiliated an underaged girl.
Thank you for sponsoring Toto’s laughter at women’s suffering.
Thank you for paying for publicizing ideas on how to torture women. 

































Está ser muito bom.
Our hearts is lovend very Mach.
One day In Angola perfect.
I have faith in what I seepepsiMore like crappy pepsi max. I’ve drank Pepsi over coke for over 30yrs. But I’m definitely moving back to coke. Shame on you Pepsi. Feel sorry for the diabetics who needs this when they need a quick sugar fix. This world makes me sick, just to save on sugar tax. Greedy f**kersHATE HATE HATE HATE HATE the new recipe!!!! Why do this? It's no cheaper. You have diet options already! I've been buying pepsi as long as I can remember. I can't drink anything with artificial sweetners because I'm allergic! Plus it tastes fowl! The nasty sweetener taste lingers for an age! Utterly disgusting I bought case of pepsi cans ,after tasting i discovered that they f.....put sweetner to regular ,wasted money coz i can't drink sweetners ,only one is xylitol which is more expensive than sugar ,so i don't think they will use it instead .Papsi well done you will using customer by rejecting their besic rights to choose.Absolutely disgusted that my fav drink now tastes RANK !!!! I thought my taste buds were on the fritz. Im selling the rest of the case and buying coca cola going forward. Bad move Pepsi Man what's happend to Pepsi its so shite now no sugar taist boggingPIPOL FOR SALES MAY IDEII YORK PROJECT VERY VERYPepsi every day in Ukrainian cities and towns civilians, children die from russian missiles and air bombs. You know this from the world media and directly from your Ukrainian colleagues, who, like all of us, are trying to survive russian shelling. However you decided to continue doing business in russia and pretend that nothing happened. You definitely will be very ashamed that you continued to do business in the country that has committed such horrible crimes against humanity.
Show the civilized world that you are against russian terrorism and stop doing business in russia. Let the russians understand that the whole world is against the war and terror putin regime started. This is a civilizational choice, not a commercial one. Choose the side of peace and truth.
#warinukraine #stoprussianagre
ssion #banrussia #stopputin #standwithukrain
e #BoycottPepsiDear
Pepsi
Related for sudan some soulation here it's important
Worker An hour shoul be 4 dollar An hour for a government employee should be $8
An hour for international restaurant workers is $3
Now 1 dollar = 700 SP
Past rgime don't gave good salarly so made bad immgration fo EU countries
Visa should be by phone in all sudan
Thank you so muchPepsi, time to decide.... profit or do the right thing! #BoycottRussiaWHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO THE NORMAL PEPSI?? It tastes disgusting now. absolute shambles this.Are you listening to your customers Pepsi?Guys, thanks for the correct solution! Thank you for leaving damned Russia! You are truly the best!SHOP FOR RENT 
City: Sukkur, Sindh, Pakistan 
Area : main bunder road Sukkur 
Rent: 5 lacs / month
Available: march - 2023
Internal area : 190 gazz
For contact: 0321-3615159, 03123704376
Further will be agreemented on table.this is normal? To work in a Russia – terroristic country that attacked Ukraine and bombed the civilians with missiles. You should be ashamed when the whole world rallied against Russian aggressionY'all do y'all know about the number fever in the Philippines(PEPSI)PEOPLY
EDUCATION RUSULT
OGANIZINING
PHANTAR
I' BY NAME, IS PEPSI.Artificial sweeteners = no salePepsi Sucks, Long love Coke The True King of Soda… Make reprimands to Philippines !Pepsi tastes like crap with the aspartame stuff in it.....wont buy againThe new regular pepsi is full of sweeteners and tastes like crap. Coke from now on I guess.New Pepsi is undrinkable - we didn't know it had changed and bought our monthly shop including 4 big bottles, we tried giving it away to other family members and work friends but nobody wanted it because everyone things it's utterly revolting and tastes the same as the fake sugar chemicals that you get in diet drink; if we wanted to drink less sugar we'd have got the diet version... We ended up having to throw 4 big bottles down the sink so a complete waste of money...the only people buying this stuff are people that aren't aware the recipe has changed - definately be drinking Coke from now on.Are having any promotion to do with covid 19 some by the name Richard Evans said I have won some money thru random selection can someone highlight me on this oneshame! you finance the war, how is it possible??? now you are not a symbol of a holiday for me, but a symbol of war :(You have ruined my Fav Cola by putting bowel cancer sweeteners in it, Go Jamie Oliver Go Broke.Why the hell have you put sweetener in your full fat Pepsi!
Tastes disgusting……cok
e for me from now.now with a taste of Ukrainian blood. you are a sponsor of Russian bombsI just found out today that sneakily Pepsi have changed their Pepsi formula - taking out over half of the sugar and replacing with sweeteners.

This isn't good enough.

Please sign the petition and help get Pepsi changed back to the original recipe. https://
www.change.org/
p/
change-the-pepsi
-formula-back-t
o-how-it-was

First up, many have been unaware of the change. Those who have an adverse reaction to the sweeteners or allergic haven’t known and diabetics who rely on a high sugar drink to solve a sudden drop in blood sugar have also not known. Secondly, Pepsi Max and Diet Pepsi are already on the market using sweeteners rather than sugar. Thirdly, the feedback for the new concoction isn’t good. Many say it tastes rank and others say undrinkable. Fourth, those who go out but stay sober are slowly running out of soft drinks to drink.The new regular Pepsi tastes vile.
You already have Diet Pepsi and Pepsi Max to give people a healthier choice! Don’t take my choice away from me!!!Pepsi Peeps Review | Peeps Marshmallow Flavor | Limited Edition 2023
https://
youtu.be/
Cn-O2Z3jiAARihanna Hits Apple Music 
https://
music.apple.com/
us/playlist/
rihanna-hits/
pl.u-38oW9EeIYyo
Woj8?lshttps://
fb.watch/
hzybFhezg3/When are you going to stop supplying products to Russia?

Support Ukraine and boycott Pepsi!!

The new recipe for regular Pepsi is disgusting! It tastes watered down. It’s very wrong that you haven’t advertised this anywhere as people are being conned into buying a product that’s now what they are expecting and are paying sugar tax on top! After 35 years I will be no longer buying pepsi and will be buying coke because at lease they afford their customers the respect of being able to make their own choices of what they want to drink!Won’t be buying pepsi products until they pull out of Russia!It Memes SomethingShouldn’t you redesign your cover with Ukrainian blood  on it as you are financing the Russian barbaric killing of civiliansThe WHO have recently announced the detrimental effect Sucralose has on the human body!So you have turned full sugar pepsi into a drink only fit to clean the toilet. Shame on you.Really disappointed that Pepsi has now started to use sweeteners in there regular Pepsi in the uk...just have to head back to Coke...

Clearly you haven't thought of your customers who can't have sweeteners.AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE
STILL TRADING IN RUSSIA
NO MORALS
CHILDREN ARE DYINGHello pepsi. Morality over profit please.Dear
Pepsi

As great company i believe that sudan land the salaries should be in excellent way and
In sudan land 1hours working should start by 2$\\3$ up to 55 dollar and one dollar=600 sudan pound
Oil
Goldan
Wheat
Building
Oil food
Sugar
Vegetable
So and so
Thank you so muchBye bye Pepsi your uk version is disgusting now you’ve put sweeteners in it.Pepsi... I have been an utter addict since I was a child
Through illness as a little one in the 70s and not eating my Dr even told my mum to give me pepsi
And now you change the recipe without warning and its vile
Sugar police at its finest ..
I won't be buying it have had to move to coca cola
What about us grown ups who want the choice as an adult to drink a full sugar drink

Please bring it back....Stop sponsoring murder! Stop supplying russia, it is killing innocent peopleI would love to, but I am not buying from any company still doing business in Russia and funding the invasion and slaughter of Ukrainian citizens. Your continuance is complicit approval and funding. The world is watching for you to do what other companies with integrity have done. Do the right thing. #StandWithUkrain
eHow can I get job in pepse or cococola companyWho’s had the INCREDIBLE idea and added sweeteners to the normal Pepsi???????
It’s a lot of kind of Diet Pepsi. Why you give the poison to normal one???Regular Pepsi is a joke.now I gotta change my dogs nameDisgusting putting money before innocent lives. You should be ashamed pepsi. I won't be giving you another penny until you do the right thing. Greedy bastards Is this the real story of Pepsi?

https://
www.facebook.com
/
ProjectNightfall
/videos/
869483384309670/
?app=fblYou are sponsoring their aggression and killing people with your business taxes in RussiaWe love you Pepsi
Support Ukraine Hospitals and Project C.U.R.E
Founded 1987, delivers humanitarian aids to 135 countries

https://
www.patriotsukra
ine.org/Cease trading now in Russia and Belarus - we are boycotting you until you do soHi,

Why is it impossible to buy wild cherry pepsi in the UK anymore?
Everywhere is "Out of Stock" From Amazon to American Outlets in UK....
It is the only Pepsi I love and far better than Cherry Coke which is widely available over here!
The Diet Version(Max) is available but tastes vile!...pepsi always bad copy of something elseWell done Pepsi UK…. won’t be drinking you ever again! don’t you know some people can’t take sweeteners?! Aspartame is like poison to me Are you still operating in Russia whilst they attack the Ukraine?Bring back the original Pepsi I instantly knew it a diet version. Iv now moved to coke because the new taste of original Pepsi is rancidPlease  please  please 






 please  please  please  please  please  please  please  please  please 








You may as well be filling your cans and bottles with the blood of the dead Ukrainians lying in the streets. A bit too graphic for you? Well, it's a lot more graphic for them!! Get your money grabbing arses OUT of Russia and Belarus! And hang your heads in shame while you're doing so!Time to get out of Russia and Belarus. Do the right thing and pause/close/
suspend all operations there, shutdown the Pepsi Russian websites, stop supplies and manufacturing immediately.
Or are you happy to help fund Putins genocide?Just want tell pepsi Max is crap and real pepsi is great when you say UK love max u are lyingCan you please tell me if any Pepsi product contains HEK 293? Thank youJust inadvertently tried the new Pepsi and gotta say I won't be getting it again. I instantly knew from the horrible lingering taste it was full of artificial sweeteners and sure enough a quick google confirmed they had changed it. It's RANK. Quality problems are observed at Ethiopia, Dessie plant. Hence please try your best to solve.Going to see the truth
 vs 

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1221095192
18076028&id=615
52280859701&mib
extid=Nif5ozAbsolutely done with Pepsi £2.29 a bottle in England  let's fight back stop buying Pepsi because they don't understand England situation cost of living. Ex soldiers living on the streets because the Conservative government want to house refugees and asylum seekers. What about England people Pepsi lower your price or your done in England its to muchIt was more than 30 years, when I preferred pepsi. But now I have switched to Coca-Cola. Keep it up. Continue paying for russian missiles, which are killing Ukrainian kids right now.I will stop buying your products until you stop doing business with murderous RUSSIA!!! THOUSANDS OF REFUGEES ARE CROSSING OUR BORDER EVERY DAY, THEY ARE DESPERATE. THIS IS TRAGIC! BOYCOTT RUSSIA!!!How can i be a distributor in NigeriaWar profiters, Ill never buy your products again!The new Pepsi tastes awful. Disgusted that they would take away the choice from customers. There are already low-sugar alternatives like Pepsi Max and Diet Pepsi. Customers who purchased Pepsi knowingly made that choice for better taste and full sugar. I hope their sales plummet as a result and Coca-Cola sales soar. Coca-Cola (full sugar) for me from now on.        
PalestineI just had a can of Pepsi and it tasted so disgusting that I couldn't drink it. Looked at the ingredients and saw that you've added Acesulfame K so no wonder it tastes like ASS (artificial sugar substitutes).

Sadly I won't be buying Pepsi again.Where's the jet?Why has Pepsi full sugar now got artificial sweeteners in it? ...don't you know the sweeteners cause diabetes, make you gain weight and cause cancer. Won't ever be buying again!If I wanted cancer causing aspartame in my drink I would buy diet fucking Pepsi, boycotted...If anyone else HATES the new Pepsi, please sign the petition

https://
chng.it/
DJRGr4KZFgImpose sanctions on Russia. You support terrorismStop work with russia When are you going to pull out of sales in Russia???What are you making the tins out of these days ? Silver foil ??? . Uou only have to show them something these days to make a hole in them ridiculous.....
.The pepsi that now has sugar and man-made artificial sweeteners should be renamed pepsi lite.Why does new pepsi taste shite, use to pick it over coca cola.
Now when they say is pepsi alright ill shout fuck no.Coca-Cola The sponsor of the country is a terroristShame on you! #StandWithUkrain
eNo more Pepsi products for our family, thanks for the sweeteners and good bye Doritos. If I see Pepsi as sponsor of something that's banned for us also.Leave choices up to customer wether they want to drink full sugar or dietPLEASE SIGN & SHARE! 
#JusticeForDelai
naMarieMiller
https://
chng.it/
wbx7RB6kybShould have given him the HarrierPepsi you are are a wrong company! watch th e new Netflix show! your bad people!We need to boicote Pepsi sales. In solidarity with Ukrainian atrocities
“We are not worried about the enemys words but the friends silence” Martin Luther King JuniorGoodbye Pepsi What are the side effects of acesulfame?
The Dangers of Acesulfame Potassium (Ace-K) – Kill Cliff
One of the major issues surrounding Ace-K is that it contains the carcinogen methylene chloride. According to studies, headaches, depression, nausea, mental confusion, liver effects, kidney effects, visual disturbances, and cancer can all result from long-term exposure to methylene chloride.Where is my jet?? If I wanted a crap drink full of sweeteners I'd buy diet or pepsi max . You've ruined real pepsi it tastes disgusting . Why change it when you have diet and max range . Let people have a choice . Not everyone can drink sweeteners and artificial shit . I liked page just to unlike it coz is no hate button.The new recipe Pepsi in the UK is absolutely vile and every supermarket I go into the shelves are over flowing with it, hope your sales drop enough to make you reconsiderSomeone sent me this link and am scared to register, please anyone knows if it's truly from Pepsi

https://
pepco99.com/#/
register/9296874Awesomeness What have you done to original Pepsi.
It now tastes like Pepsi max with that horrible artificial sugar taste.
I will not be buying anymore Pepsi unless you change it back.
Will now have to drink your main competitors drink that is CokeI LOVE YOU SO MUCH TANCUANGCO ROLFFHi there Pepsi. Just how is your corporate sponsorship of the murder of civilians in the Ukraine going? Hope you are proud of yourselves.Pepsi putting profits before humanity ! #BoycottPepsi Love Pepsi. Music for social donating https://
youtu.be/
-m7bWsA6EX8 https://
youtu.be/
QrAsAIYBHjY
https://
music.youtube.co
m/
watch?v=vQ0Rzi36
h_c&list=RDAMVM
vQ0Rzi36h_c https://
music.youtube.co
m/
watch?v=l_WamreQ
fAY&list=RDAMVM
l_WamreQfAY https://
music.youtube.co
m/
watch?v=-5NfmwNU
iyQ&list=RDAMVM
-5NfmwNUiyQ
Music https://
music.youtube.co
m/
watch?v=6pQKosJP
kLI&feature=sha
reHey, I thought you were PBG now, anyway, my dad worked for you and had to claim all his air flight pathways. Now we're in COVID and all the doctors are working hard to find patient zero, who do I talk to in HR for all my air line flight pathway, if you don't mind.Where is my Jet? so wrong what you did!Can't help ABISTHE NEW UK PEPSI TASTES LIKE CRAP. NOT BUYING IT EVER AGAINWhat have you done to youre drinks. Never thought I'd say it but Pepsi can go fuck itself. Tastes like SHIT. Never thought I'd be a coke man but I can't drink that crap........I'm
outThe real answer is None https://
www.hexham-coura
nt.co.uk/news/
23654974.much-as
partame-consume
-per-day/
?ref=socialflowPepsi tastes absolutely vile now with that sweetener crap .Pepsi should withdraw from Russia, until Russia withdraws from the Ukraine!Russia kills Ukrainians and Pepsi supports Russian terroristsPepsi Pepsi What are you positioned in regards to the WAR in  UKRAINE
Are you against  Russian atrocities against humanity in Ukraine 
ANSWERS PLEASE  The new recipe is disguising. I'll be switching to Coke.boycott all Israeli products..Pepsi is seriously cheating is in Ghana....Good Day how to order Pepsi products is there any sales representatives
who can help meCoca cola from now on...Pepsi is blooming awful nowFuck off with the sweetener you mugs! Coca Cola must be rubbing their hands together.#standwithukrian
e stop trading in RussiaWhile someone in the Russian Federation is developing a business, people are dying at the hands of the aggressor in Ukraine!
Stop cooperating with terrorists immediately!
Shame on you! #standwithukrain
eDear Pepsi team my name is Rashid I am from larkana my complein is you plz solive my problem address mohlla rehmat pur oil depot larkana
Shop name Rashid easy shop and Cool drink pepsi frezer is fail it's cant cool drink and pepsi team can't visit our mohlla speacly my shop plzz give me a new freezer plzz thanxTHIS IS MY WAY OF HELPING OUT THOSE FACING CHALLENGES THIS YEAR, I'II SUPPORT SEVEN INDIVIDUALS WITH 5
GRANDS WHO WRITES TO ME USING THE PHRASE "GOD DID”Classic Coke is now the BEST and only cola I will drink.

Pepsi is now such a disappointment.We stopped to drink Pepsi and very happy !

Pepsi works for RussiaPepsi test the best Pepsi......Why have you messed about with the ingredients??
I want my money back! I'm allergic to ACESULFAME K!!! And found only after drinking it!
Someone from Pepsi get back to me ASAP! GET OUT OF RUSSIA 
#standwithukrian
e Good day. You have great cover and advertising. And you only care about profit! I bought two bottles of a 2 liter PEPSI drink. One on 06/26/2020 and the second on 01/07/2020. It is impossible to read on both bottles: production date, expiration date and batch number. Products on which these data are not indicated cannot be sold in Ukraine. This violates the Law of Ukraine "On information for consumers regarding food". 06/26/2020 I turned to the representative of PEPSI in Ukraine on the Facebook page, on the website, and called. I got an answer that the company is dealing with this issue and will contact me. I also posted a video on YouTube (https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=m_u_DkvR
D-U) / (https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=VF97GBjl
l04). Today, 07/01/2020 none of the company contacted me. 07/01/2020 I went to the store and bought another bottle of drink, which is also impossible to determine the data: production date, expiration date and batch number. Based on the foregoing, the company only cares about profit. PEPSI companies absolutely do not care that a product without an expiration date can be harmful to human health. PEPSI company also ignores the requirements of the Law of Ukraine. Please explain why you are doing this?Stop support russian terrorism!Boycott kfc #FreePalestineGa
za We have made the instructions for functional tonic drinks based on aromatic water and based on the extract of medicinal plants and fruits with the properties of preventing and controlling common non-communicabl
e diseases, and the approval of the steps for preparing the above soft drinks has been obtained from the World Intellectual Property Organization. I wish to have a relationship with you.
https://
www.linkedin.com
/in/
dr-ali-alikarimi
-a3032b28a/Plz contract me,,,, 01952557542Your pepsi is now disgusting wont be drinking it anymore.WhoBoicott PEPSI & Mc Donalds!!! THEY ARE STILL DEALING WITH Russia!!!!Question why does Pepsi doesn't taste as good as Coca Cola?you are killers, blood money, war profiteersYou need to change the recipe back and get rid of those artificial shiteners. If we wanted shiteners we'd be buying that diet or max shit.Gone and done a bud light. Hope this boycott lasts as longRIP original pepsiIf you think Nigeria needs *change*, you'll love to watch this...

https://
www.instagram.co
m/tv/
CCVrQzqlWMx/
?igshid=27nie2vx
lzvvPepsi, Is this true?

I read a recent article saying that the Pepsi Company has committed to reducing 67 million plastic bottles of soda stream water
over the next 5 years i.e by 2025 and will also switch all of its flavoured drinks from single-use plastic bottles to metal bottles over the same period.I will no longer buy your products because you fail to realise that you have a responsibility towards our planet.

Plastic packaging is harming our planet’s environment.hello sir, really we just thank us for your message and for your trust, indeed precious stones, is located in Cameroon, in the city of yaoundé we, are a small company for precious stones like gold and DiamondWhy have you ruined the none diet with putting in the artificial sweetner poison?

I thought it had tasted dreadful the pst few times I'd had it.
After checking the ingredients I now see why.

No more for me.hey Pepsi in case you havent noticed, there's some stuff going in in Ukraine. could you possibly show some decency and join the rest of us in boycotting Russia, please? Instead of continuing operations there and helping fund Putin's atrocities? thanks.পেপসি খাওয়া ভালো নাহwar profiteersMaybe we should all stop looking for society to give us permission to be ourselves.
- fatty jermanNo thanks to carcinogens.Where its Harrier Jump JetFollow the page for messi https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00090098751031&
mibextid=ZbWKwLIman Gunadi SELove Pepsi, i honestly think, and i've blind tasted.That Max is the best and closest tasting diet/sugar free to the original thing..Im a big boy now and can make my own mind up if i want original Pepsi then so be it i dont need to be forced . Its disgusting just like yout diet rubbish hello coca colaGo back to glass bottles and stop stealing water from the poor and I'll consider it, meanwhile I will capaign against your Earth-destroyin
g products!Don't be stupid, get out of Russia! The sooner you do this, the better for you!New pepsi orignal is disgusting go back to the old pepsi orginal it be coca cola for me now onPlease am interested in advertising pepsi@ S Scott Illier The taste is great and awesome @Sharryn Porter but they have to stop the use of plastic bottles. Anyways, I am an amazon marketing expert Check out my gig to see more. Thank you https://
www.fiverr.com/
share/lrN0N7"Engage your audience, boost conversions, and maximize ROI with our highly effective FB ads service. Try it today!"Get out of Russia you scum bagsBEBE Good Morning, comed up from Konopiště brainstorming..
. new brand mission imposiblle. Are you sure Pear? https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=_VVv-mkB
Wecbuy this product : https://
amzn.to/3OMKTr3care to comment on this?? https://
www.facebook.com
/photo/
?fbid=1015984089
9200185&set=a.1
015923577286518
5New reduced sugar Pepsi is terrible! I have just thrown it in the bin and will never buy it again sad times My number is 03103522239He actually bought this today

https://
youtu.be/
rZTaK9RjQ4MNow full of artificial sugar. YUKThey went woke now they go brokepepsi smeared with Ukrainian blood. No, thanksAre you still operating in Russia?
Really??boycott Pepsi till they get out of RussiaThey have just gave a lot of money to BLM who are funded by HAMAS boycottIt’s pepco99 investment from Pepsi Ghana?
Is it real or scam ?your Pepsi regular is no longer a great taste the aftertaste lingers for hours and tastes bitter and undrinkable (back to coke)GET OUT OF RUSSIA #standwithukrain
e  you are on the wrong side of the conflict the sane world stands against you. If you don't do the right thing you will lose much more money longer term.Do you like Pepsi? Llucy EelizabethGrab it my artwork, and checkout now! https://
displate.com/
displate/
2887685?art=5cf3
8741d1bb5Pepsi please bring back white cans for at limited time #retro #nostalgicPepsi taste like s*** now I will never buy it againYou pay for Russian missiles, you get Russian missilesDear Pepsi You should take advantage of the be less white at coka cola.
"Don't be less of yourself, be the best you can be.
Be the Max."bring back pepsi man and i will only buy pepsi from now on

unless Coca-Cola adds back the cocaineJust married in 92. Welcome in dreams of basketball and Chichago Bulls ERA. Love you PEpsi, but your products I do not dring at all. I am Yogi Teacher. He did so https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=JpdvYMUH
etIAm graphics designer I design your product LogoBring back ordinary sugar, hate the new PepsiSo I made a post yesterday about "Not drinking Pepsi before sex" and I received a lot of WHY yesterday.

Like for real? Are you guys serious? 

SO you people have been having sex all this while without my consent? 

You even drink Pepsi before sex 

What shocked me most yesterday was that about 20 people I even thought they were still a virgin asked why too 

Anyways am here to tell you all why you shouldn't take Pepsi before sex.

THE REASON IS BECAUSE IF YOU TAKE PEPSI BEFORE SEX, YOU WILL "ASK FOR MORE" 

Pepsi... ASK FOR MORE!!!!! 

#OHMN ...Be a bitcoin miner Free registeration  Kindly follow the link  https://t.me/
BTC_Miner_au_bot
?start=13627090
39IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott terrorist
save humanityI love this drink
Pepsi
Pls bless me with followers
Renny Blaqsix musictv459.epizy.com#bycottisraelipr
oducts #SupportPalestin
e #FreePalestine #FreePalastine#BoycottIsraeliG
oodshttps://
nazk.gov.ua/uk/
novyny/
ty-ne-ty-koly-pr
odovzhuyesh-pra
tsyuvaty-v-rf-n
azk-vneslo-peps
ico-ta-mars-do-
pereliku-mizhna
rodnyh-sponsori
v-vijny/#pepsi
#doyoulovejesusc
hristhttps://
metro.co.uk/
2023/06/29/
sweetener-used-i
n-diet-coke-to-
be-declared-pos
sible-cause-of-
cancer-19036474
/
?ito=facebook%7C
social%7Cmetrou
kfacebookI Love Messihttps://
chng.it/
DJRGr4KZFg?fbcli
d=IwAR2ka9d4t3L
9o9nN_AIeYYdf5_
2sZ-3lsuACRkjwu
vamOg_RtFuhgh8T
M9ohttps://
chng.it/
DJRGr4KZFg?fbcli
d=IwAR2ka9d4t3L
9o9nN_AIeYYdf5_
2sZ-3lsuACRkjwu
vamOg_RtFuhgh8T
M9oUpdate pls.Http://
dalla-culla-a.we
bnode.it/https://
m.facebook.com/
watch/
?v=9605006710279
31&extid=CL-UNK
-UNK-UNK-AN_GK0
T-GK1C&mibextid
=2Rb1fB&ref=sha
ringhttps://
fb.watch/
hzzSJqHA_G/
?mibextid=VhDh1Vhttps://
m.facebook.com/
watch/
?v=1136520267211
845&extid=CL-UN
K-UNK-UNK-AN_GK
0T-GK1C&mibexti
d=2Rb1fB&ref=sh
aringhttps://
fb.watch/
hykMixfXTo/https://
fb.watch/
hzxMY2X_rF/https://a.co/d/
4Z2LtHshttps://t.me/c/
1230044797/64994Checkout #lionelmessirevi
ew page on Facebook and Instagram..Wow amazingYesssssssHttp://
chiamate-9.webno
de.it/#StopFinancingRu
ssiahttps://
www.facebook.com
/photo/
?fbid=5230149690
350393&set=a.10
1765119855568#PEPSILovelyChezkaElizabeth WilliamYuri Ukmartv459.epizy.comhttps://
youtu.be/
_mhEWC_orWk
Pepsi Scam Cola Co GetimpressedIts delicousHi ilike to inquire sinonpede mka usap?Monthly grocery done Allhumdullilah
Pakistani, irani and Malaysian products
#BoycottIsraeliPepsi our drink for lifetimeHiWar Zone followDonald J. Trump

https://
www.facebook.com
/DonaldTrump/
videos/
197045850074742/
?app=fbl         BBi am disgusted to adding less sugar to the pepsi orignal, wtf pepsi? i myself and many pepsi fans won't let this slide. Ppl already gotten max and zero why are u also effecting the normal once for those who want sugar what the hell pepsi i am truly disgustedPepsi paid 810 millions in taxes to russia - russia make missiles - russia bombs pepsi factory in Ukraine. Karma is a bi@tch.follow করবেন Follow পাবেন support two support

New post supportFollow me allHi, My name is Promise. I studied Marketing at the Federal Polytechnic Nekede, Owerri, Imo State Nigeria.
I am a New Product Idea Generator.. My product ideas could be very useful to the Pepsi Company. If you want us to talk more on this please send a reply to this message.. Thank you..niceCan I promote your product with paid partnership??I'm following everyone Shame on you RuSSian supporterPepsi.. I can't believe you have put acesulfame k in your full sugar version. You have 4 sugar free versions, how dare you sneak it into the full sugar. It tastes disgusting.. its poison. Its NOT WHAT PEOPLE WANT. Shove it where the sun don't shine, cheap ass poison pushers. Give us our options back. SneakyCheck my page to vote between Messi and Ronaldo but am thinking that Ronaldo have more fans than Messi so come to my page vote for MessiWowStill in russia, are you? https://
scontent.flhr1-1
.fna.fbcdn.net/
v/t39.30808-6/
364742524_244619
4425560245_2063
907560472744060
_n.jpg?stp=cp6_
dst-jpg&_nc_cat
=104&ccb=1-7&_n
c_sid=dd63ad&_n
c_ohc=601PzkDUQ
7oAX9JpK0k&_nc_
ht=scontent.flh
r1-1.fna&oh=00_
AfBgu-V1o2ba0mq
AOF6Is94FsPnX_n
R7Xc3be1NN2ChW_
Q&oe=64D9F0AFNiceSTAY HOME. SAVE LIVES. 1 BITCOIN = $67,000. IMO. PEACE. SEARCH IT IN YOUTUBE. IMO.






.Please sign the petition to change it back k

https://
chng.it/
DJRGr4KZFgwhoever made this decision needs firing..we're not all fat bastards that can't control ourselves..look
s like coke cola will be gaining a whole lot of new customers.hi Pepsi please send me a whatsapp 073 404 7221 from charlotteAdd me up Lina HilinaCome check out my profile in #ScrabbleGO to start a game against me! https://
s.scope.ly/
kTioVxJ2gWU*NEWNEWDIGILOX AGENCIES DIGILOX AGENCIES* *DIGILOX AGENCIES ADVERTISING COMPANY* *THE NEWEST IN TOWN*

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*ADVERTISING:-*
This is the main feature and the real deal
DIGILOX AGENCIES ALLOWS YOU TO ADVERTISE ONLY DIGILOX PRODUCTS ONCE PER DAY

Earn 100/= per impressions, clicks and views

15 views=1,500
20 views=2,000
1 view=100
50 views=5,000
And more....

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*PACKAGES*

*1. Regular Package:-*
It costs 1000/= for the package. Users are allowed to access the Digilox products only once.... Then you are allowed to continue with referrals.
*2.VIP Package:-*
It costs 2000/= for the package. Users are allowed to access the Digilox products and earn 100/= per view.
*3.VVIP Package:-*
It costs 5000/= for the package. Users are allowed to access the Digilox products daily, earn weekly bonuses, cashbacks, vacation trips and being certified agents

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*THE WORLD GAME CHANGER*

*ONLINE WRITING*
It's comrades time to shine Get assignments and start earning from as low as 400/= per page.
Choose your area of specialization and receive work *everyday* is *payday*

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*WHATSAPP CENTRE*
Advertising is the real deal in the online world Imagine advertising Digilox products by posting on your WhatsApp status and you are paid 100bob per view

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*REWARD CENTRE*
The company rewards cashbacks as per the package purchased by a new member
After earning we wait for a weekly bonusappreci
ation for advertisement of our products is key to success of all

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*CERTIFICATIO
N CENTRE*
We recruit and earn big as we choose Choose to be a certified agent to be a millionaire in weeks Be an agent and guide our members, control the flow plans as well as earn extra daily 

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

HOOKUPS*
We make the world closer to youexperience
love with the best, most romantic handsome and beautiful ladies everLOVE is brought to your door, get your spouse in seconds just in DIGILOX AGENCIES Get a partner close to you just by tapping hookups button and experience the world of love.
*APP REVIEWS*

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

Earn from downloading, rating and reviewing app from playstore. 100/= per app

*BLOGS*

Write any story and get paid when people read your story.

*SPIN WHEEL*

Spins are offered 10 times a day and earns users up to 5,000/= per spin.

https://wa.me/
+255693301057

*SHARES CENTRE*
The only marketing platform giving you a chance to own shares with the multimillionair
e scalesHere is the real deal for young investors build the World economy  We're here to stay

*OPTIONAL REFERRAL*

*In Regular Package* you earn 700/= to infinity.
*In VIP Package* you earn 1,500/= to infinity.
*In VVIP Package* you earn 3,600/= to infinity

*Indirect bonuses*
Once you refer your friend and your friend refers a friend, We award you
••For the 1st two people you refer the referral fee is Regular, VIP, VVIP @ 500, 1000 and 2200 respectively.
•• Indirect bonuses are @Regular, VIP, VVIP @ 250, 500 and 1400 respectively.


https://wa.me/
+255693301057

Things to note:

SUBSCRIPTION IS DONE ONCE
WE OFFER MANY WAYS OF MAKING CASH
AUTOMATIC ACTIVATION AND WITHDRAWAL
AFFORDABLE PACKAGES...
 *FUNDS DEPOSITED ARE USED TO PURCHASE A PACKAGE AND ONCE DEPOSITED CANNOT BE REVERSED* https://wa.me/
+255693301057How I got my lover back 
Is also to use this opportunity to appreciate Dr BASSY for his great work done for me by getting back my ex-lover to me and I'll also thank him for the help he render to me such as sending me a medication for my herpes cure .
So follow him on his page for help any problems you are today 
https://
www.facebook.com
/
Dr-BASSY-1027652
58660447/Fuck you harrier jet thieves!!!Great n REAL MUSIC! I serve juss click the link and hear what you where meant to hear,Spread the message Fam enjoy!

https://
www.grocafrica.c
om/
download?link=eS
bR9tCKm8gj2xFEx-Works Cargo Services Inc.
Imagine shipping all in one place.

About us:
www.ex-worksph.
com/the-company

Get quote online:
www.ex-worksph.
com/get-quote

For more info:
www.ex-worksph.
com

Follow us on LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook.

Keep safe.Just found out about 349, you are a disgusting  company.Hi Pepsi could you please check this one to avoid further spread of your low quality process? https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=5826100599
00498&id=100044
545279435Dear Pepsi
I have this dream working in your company as a fashion sketcherLife is always beautiful when you have good health. Are you infected with any kind of disease? You have been going all about looking for a solution. Worry no more my dear brothers and sisters life. is too sweet to die young quickly call Or WhatsApp +2349038028405 the great African herbalist Doctor I know Via Email. (spiritualsolut
ionhome1@gmail.
com) You can also reach him on his Facebook. page. https://
www.facebook.com
/dr.princeugo01 always active on device contact Dr. prince Ugo and get rid of any kind of diseases in your body His traditional herbal ROOT'S medicine. is 100% Sure work like magic with no side effect, I'm a living testimony totally been cured from HERPES a big testimony in my life. your health is your number one responsibilitygood news https://
www.fiverr.com/
share/b707Qq"PepsiCo is looking for a way to stay in Russia. Thus, the manufacturer plans to launch new products under other names in other packages, as well as expand local brands" Pepsi really???? Do you want pay taxes and sponsor the murder of Ukrainian children?????It will be bad to keep this alone to myself I came across the best forex expert every Mrs Kathrine Lucas, who really help me to invest, Mrs Kathrine Lucas is very honest and diligent in her work. All I did was to invest $500 and within 7 days she made $7000 profit for me.
contact Via:
Email: kathrinelucas17
0@gmail.com
WhatsApp : +12523688769This very delicious drink Poppy Orange.....
$4.99 USD
1;COLOSSAL Bubble Tea 0.4'' ID 0.442'' OD 8.5'' Stock length;2: GIANT Milkshakes& Smoothies 0.292''ID 0.318''OD 7.75''&10'' Stock Lengths,4000 pes/
carton;3:GIANT Standard Straw Size 0.227'' ID 0.248'' OD; 7.75''&10'' Stock lengths,4000 pes/carton;4; COCKTAIL Children/
Samll Cocktails 0.227''ID 0.248'' OD 5.75'' Stock Lengths,6000pecs/carton; 5: BAR STIR Large Cocktails 0.150 ID 0.185'OD 5.75&7.75 Stock Lengths

GIANT 7.75' LENGTHS IS ONLY SIZE WE CAN OFFER
Plz visit this site https://
sustainyousoluti
on.us/products/
poppy-orangeI am glad to share with you my success story today, when I started trading binary and forex few months ago, I really don't have the necessary tools to trade and I lost a lot until I met Mrs. Ami Brenda who thought me all about the market psychology as She managed my account for me. Today I am grateful to her for her great offer and help because it really changed my financial situation with an investment capital of $500 and am making $6000 profits per week right now. If you need her help, contact her via
Email: brendaami071@gm
ail.com
WhatsApp:+12135
450862If you are impress by this please bless me by following me
https://
www.facebook.com
/
106245064935275/
posts/
291720613054385/
?app=fblUse my referral link https://
crypto.com/app/
uu6ghn26wj to sign up for Crypto.com and we both get $25 USD :)
The weather is so dry, with a humidifier can make the skin moist and moist, delicate girls are using it, please buy with me!

https://bit.ly/
3m0jzsJ?snum=d6J
&stt
The United States are crazy to grab the humidifier, you do not have it? 

https://
www.facebook.com
/
Klbgbl-102515248
894098&expid=I1
z&rAnd bin / recycle your rubbish using LitterLotto (U.K.)

(FREE app 12+) each ‘binning’ gets you an entry into the £10,000 monthly draw as well as a chance to have an ‘instant’ win (from £5 to £250) #binittowinit #litterlottoWhatsApp me on this number
0722778679I NEED JOB FROM 4PM EVENING OR NIGHT, MY STUDY TIMINGS (8AM TILL 3PM MONDAY TO FRIDAY), DOING B.A MASS COMM, COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE, 10 YEARS EXPERIENCE, AGE: 27, BIKE HE, FATHER DEATH, RENT HOUSE, HOME COMPUTER & NET AVAILABLE, IT'S YASIR KHAN, TOWER KARACHI,0312-12
00879(CELL+W/A)*I brought a 1.5 L bottle of pepsi from a sweet shop opposite my home address.

I was drinking directly from the bottle when I nearly swolled a hard foam white round sticker, which got stuck in my throat and caused me to choak.

I am mortified. I was under the impression things like this don't happen with such a big company. Its completely put me of purchasing your product in the future.

I'd like to know what your going to todo about this,

What the next step?Why not help yourself out of hardship and low income, contact Mrs George Stephanie today and begin trading with just $500 and earn as much as 5250, she is a genius in trading and helped me improve my standard of living through trading now, I don't have to wait for my monthly salary, just in less than a week I got good profit, you can contact her directly on
WhatsApp:+16269
898464
Email:Georgeste
phanie831@gmail
.com.....I have been seeing different post about Mrs Donald Maureen platform everywhere and a lot of traders keep on saying reach out to her, I eventually did and it turns out to be legit.I did an initial investment of $1000 and I received a surprised profit of $12,250 after 6days of trading, I followed her instructions with which i invested and within a week I got back my profit, I started seeing good results. Last week l made a successful withdrawal. Just stop worrying she will help you out. Thank you very much Mrs Donald Maureen.I would advise anyone seeing this post to contact her, I m responsible for the content I post here on Facebook, I m so serious about this you can inbox her directly via:
Email: Donaldmaureen50
4@gmail.com
WhatsApp: +1(563)279-4193HERE IS A COPY I MADE FOR YOUR BRAND, FEEL FREE TO USE ON YOUR NEXT ADVERT @PEPSI
What gets you feeling a little better after a sunny, stressful day if not a can of chilled PEPSI. Its in such situation you find out for really the difference in PEPSI.Hello Pepsi-Cola Company, your message form on your website is broken. Hence this way. Can you contact me please. Greetings from Germany Norbert Rabe from the Hermann Kola teamI thought the physicians says there is no cure for HSV 2!!! I am telling you today that DR_Azago cured my HSV 2 with his herbal medicine and once you get cured you are cured forever it is never reversible, I have been suffering for this deadly disease called HSV 2 for more than 2years and lost all hope because my doctor says there is no cure for HSV 2. Brethren I saw a testimony on the internet on how DR_Azago cured HSV, Hapatitis etc with his herbal medication and I contact him, I thought this was joke but I decided to give a try and he replied telling me not to worry that my problem is over . DR_azago sent me a herbal medication to drink for two 2weeks, and after 2 week I feel strange and I went to my doctor and he confirmed me negative.
He can help you too. He is capable of curing HIV/AIDS, HERPES, HPV, HSV1&2, CANCER and any kind of illness troubling you ..
THANK YOU FOR READING BELIEVE AND YOU WILL BE CURED
his page https://
www.facebook.com
/
dr.azagoherbalcu
re/
His website  https://
dr-azago-herbal-
center.jimdosit
e.com/https://
www.facebook.com
/
Shahs-Handicraft
s-Swat-KPK-1040
76308739989/Support this project, please. https://
www.facebook.com
/
pharmaceuticalco
mpositionwine reduces symptoms of ECZEMA...Are you stuck with trying to Bring Back Lost Lovers. Sickness and health problems. Stop A Cheating partner. Have Babies Spell. Fix Financial Problems. Fix Court Cases. Customer Attraction. Bad luck removal. Enhance love and attraction. Mr Logogo is a unique herbalist /
Spiritual healer, who is a renowned helper of men who has helped so many people online For more information: Drlogogo5@gmail.c
om a trial will convince you don’t lose hope Contact Dr Logogo now and be happy forever.and good luckhttp://
youtube.com/
aminulpathanPEPSI MANN IN PC FOR FREE!!!!!!

https://
youtu.be/
QWOj3by3nTsกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวAbdul-aziz Bedruกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวThe new flavour of Pepsi is just awesome. I really like and love that https://
www.facebook.com
/
profile.php?id=1
00056072902468Im sad call me via whatsapp/: 09519814872https://
www.facebook.com
/
107023508118526/
posts/
209293634558179/
?app=fblPepseHello give me chance to make promotion in my communityhttps://
web.facebook.com
/photo/
?fbid=1854851448
020106&set=a.11
8142631691005https://
youtu.be/
z8lx04GP10Qhttps://
open.spotify.com
/track/
2q7YxqxrCx3DzfS9
kObBk8?si=sAMMa
3QWQ6mnbMZ35qcS
rA#SanctionsOnPaki
stan‏#SanctionPakista
n
‏#EndProxyWar
‏#StopTaliban
‏#StopTerrorism
‏#SaveAfghanistan
‏#SanctionsOnPaki
stan
‏#PakProxyWarAfg
‏#SecurityCouncil
‏#Pleasestopthewa
r
‏#afganlivesmatte
r
‏#Afghan_lives_ma
tteHello kindly link me up distributorship
contact close me here in owerri imo state Nigeria my contact mobile number also on whatsap 08144639774 09074199935 expecting a positive feel back from u and your reputable pepis bottling company in no distant timePay attention to how the promotion in Kyrgyzstan is carried out on behalf of PEPSI ... How is this even possible with such a company with a worldwide reputationhttps://
www.facebook.com
/alifayez82/
videos/
4171014099634499hi. why is Coca Cola killing the planet with thousands of plastic bottles polluting the oceans etc...??? Why are you not using cans instead of toxic plastic...??NiceBishop michael, is a scamming piece of scum. I hope his family burn alive.Love u m.salahVery disappointed today I’ve always drunk Diet Pepsi but got a stomach ulcer and I’m told can’t have any sweeteners So I bought full fat Pepsi and read on the can sweeteners and aspartame Hello to all
Everyone looks at the comments
I have my account number, please. Leave a message. I have an important job

0093791308920Dear pepsi
I want a job for bangladesh if possible to give me this opportunity please contract me
+8801733652764https://
sites.google.com
/view/sadds54/
homePlease stop using plastic bottles! Even if recyclable, the plastic is only recyclable so many times..it's time to change.https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=xxcE-fAk
670WE GUARANTEE THE BEST TRADE STRATEGIES IN THE BUSINESS WE TRADE WISELY AND GAIN MASSIVELY , INVEST  NOW AND WATCH YOUR MONEY GROW LIKE A TREE  % GUARANTEED.. INVESTMENT IS THE ONLY KEY TO FINANCIAL FREEDOM, THE TIME IS NOW DON'T MISS THIS...

PM for your reliable investment!!!
 WhatsApp contact +33 751 23 12 61https://
facebook.com/
Chaudhry-1029771
85355438https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
307290501036858/
?ref=sharehttps://
youtu.be/
BEm2nV1auWQHi, can you help me about sending email to Pepsi.com I have sent a email to <zesen.ke@pepsi
co.com> by <yesong@fudiscm
.com>, but zesen.ke said he didn't receive the email. Can you help me to contact the IT administrator in Pepsi ? Thanks a lot!I dont trust them with their baari, this time you are not goingto let us drink your shit,my brothers and sisters this is not the good drink dont drink it otherwise you may get sick,go back to delta cocacola if you can,this is shit...They dont mean what they say maybe they are puting poison in that drink because they are full of liesGuys dont follow this bullshit page or anything they say,they are totally thieves if you can gi back to cocacola its okLiveLink#manchester_city
_vs_chelsea_tv_
onlineLiveLink#manchester_city
_vs_chelsea_tv_
onlineLiveLink#manchester_city
_vs_chelsea_tv_
onlinehttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3090116376
11379&id=100055
076359217&sfnsn
=scwspmoI am from Bangladesh  and I stand with Palestine 

#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims #StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam #stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#SolidarityWithP
alestine
#SavePalestine
#SavePalestinian
s
#GazaUnderAttack
#Gaza_is_under_b
ombardment
#GazaUnderFire
#Palestine_Under
_attack
#Savealaksa #SaveAlAqsaMosqu
e #IstandWithPalas
tine #palestinelivesm
atter #PalestineBleedi
ng #PalestinianLive
sMatter #savealasavepale
stine #FreePalestineHo
meland
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam
#BangladeshStand
WithPalestine #SaveMuslims
#IsraeliCrimes #israelterrorist
s #IsraelStopPlayi
ngVictim#banned_pepsi
#banned_israeli_
products
#SavePelestine# SaveAqsa
# SaveMuslims
# bangladeshstand
swithpalestine # FreePalestine
# AlAqsaMosque
# IsraeliAttackon
AlAqsa
# IsraeliTerroris
m
# AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
# savepalestine
# savethemuslims
# StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
# AlAqsa
# StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam # stopIsraeliTerr
orism
# PalestinianLive
sMatter
# PalestineWillBe
FreeLeo Messi U should cast aside Pepsi..Very good pepsi#GazaUnderAttack#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#BangladeshStand
WithPalestine

  

#savepalestine
#savethemuslims #StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims #AlAqsa #StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam #stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#PalestineUnderA
ttack
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#palestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#BangladeshStand
WithPalestine

  

#savepalestine
#savethemuslims #StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims #AlAqsa #StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam #stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#PalestineUnderA
ttack
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#palestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#BangladeshStand
WithPalestine

  

#savepalestine
#savethemuslims #StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims #AlAqsa #StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam #stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#PalestineUnderA
ttack
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#palestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam       

#SavePalestine
#savealquds
#SaveJerusalem
#standwithPalest
ine
#StandUpForPales
tine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#AlAqsa
#RaiseYourVoiceF
orAlaqsa
#JusticeForPales
tine
#IsraeliCrimes
#IsraelTerrorist
State
#Stop_Violence_A
gainst_Palestin
ians
#Stand_For_Pales
tine
#Save_Palestinia
ns
#Save_Al_Aqsa
#Save_Human_Live
s
#Demand_for_Peac
eful_WorldHELPLESSNESS?

Is this what you feel every-time you see Israel’s barbarism against Palestine for 8 decades?

No, you don’t have to feel that way anymore because it’s all in our hands and WE ALL can MAKE A HUGE DIFFERENCE.

HOW?

Let’s take my example; with immense regret & guilt, I realised that I’ve spent 10,000AED on brands that either have Israeli roots or are allies with them. If we multiply this with at least 100 people like myself, you’d be astonished to see how much power & impact we have that can make or break economies.

This is clearly an economic war & our buying power is our weapon. Be very mindful as to where you spend your money and what the consequences would be. Allah de ker bhi azmata hai.

Happy meal isn’t happy anymore.
Coke tastes like blood.
And Dear Victoria’s Secret, it’s not a secret anymore that your home town endorses devils and not angels.

Next time you want to feed your child a happy meal, know that this meal will sponsor a bullet & will make an innocent child lose his parent.

And if you think that only because you live in a powerful country and will never be a victim of such barbarism then please know that TABLES TURN AND YOU REAP WHAT YOU SOW.

Today I take an oath to boycott these brands either Israeli or Allies with them and choose Local Alternatives not until the ceasefire but for the rest of my life or until Israel decides to stop this permanently and fix the damage that’s been caused by them in all these years.

Motorola
HP
Victoria’s Secret
Timberland
Marks and Spencer
Tommy Hilfiger
Puma
CK
Ralph Lauren
Coke
Pepsi
Sprite
Fanta
McDonald’s
KFC
Pizza hut
Starbucks
Nescafé
Maggie
Nestle
Bounty
Kit Kat
Snickers
MnMs
Smarties
Kellogg’s cornflakes
Colgate
Palmolive
Johnson and Johnson’s
Always
Pampers
Huggies
Maybeline
Garnier
Revlon
Estée Lauder
L’Oreal
Lancôme

I’ve been adding and subtracting brands as I keep updating my research. Please educate me if I’m unaware of something.

BE AWARE. BE MINDFUL. BE UNITED. PRODUCE LOCAL ALTERNATIVES. SUPPORT & SWITCH TO LOCAL BRANDS.

Share before my profile gets blocked and I lose the verification.

#freepalestine #boycottisrael#GazaUnderAttack
#GenocideinGaza
#savesheikhjarra
h#GazaUnderAttack#GazaUnderAttack#GasaUnderAttak#GasaUnderAttak#GasaUnderAttakAlvin Agarpao
Joder Trading
901-4361

Dear Sir/ Madame,

Good Day!

We would like to take this opportunity to introduce our company. We are JODER TRADING, a private company owned by Mr. Joseph Del Rosario based in Makati City, Philippines. We provide different Personal Protective Equipment (PPE's) like Safety Shoes,Coveralls
, and etc. Raw materials for garments and special fabrics like Fire Retardant fabrics and materials. We import products directly from different countries, such as USA,KOREA,CHINA
and AUSTRALIA. We can provide certificates for the products mentioned above.We also make Corporate Uniforms like pants and jacket.

In Line with this we want to ask an appointment in your most convenient time. We will be glad as well to proved the necessary documents needed for our accreditation purposes.

In this regard, Please feel free to give us a call at (02) 7901-4361 or (+63) 977-847-1994 or send me an email.

Thank you very much and I hope to receive your favorable response soon.

Thanks and Best Regards,

Alvin Agarpao
Joder Trading
7901-4361Hy All,
Due to Covid situation and a long time unemployment I need financial help. Kindly help me if anyone can do it for the sake of God.

My Contact is 0092 321 8865816
Same on WhatsAppPlease invite your friend to invite their friend, friends to like  (bovi's clothing) do this and Almighty God will reward you share this post to your friend thanks god bless you  I love Pepsi Please. Come in my messenger groupsYou and me friendsMouaide Pnbhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
Leo-Messi-photo-
HD-109297787928
331/https://
youtu.be/
Mk_SF9X1jt8Grab a Pepsi. . Pop your buds in and Crystalline will Will Whisson
https://
open.spotify.com
/track/
1X9PqC9Oi0mX9Lj2
4LQaM5?si=0Doi9
XV5Q9Gd4UsUzR1V
iQ&utm_source=c
opy-link.
Like Pepsi. . Just try this amazing artist 
Thank you.Steve Barbourhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=1mBdPgBc
Ssk&ab_channel=
SelenaShowKidsCongrats! Your Mobile won $850,000 in the Pepsi Easter draw.To redeem, kindly send your name and Mobile to: PEPSAWS@HOTMAIL
.COMwowwowWerner Ferkhttps://
youtu.be/
svUj3N06RsMHappiness OG MindToday video is out,
Very funny one don't forget to subscribe and share to your friends, you can also follow us on instagram @mctalkertivtv.
Click on the link below to watch  https://
youtu.be/
svUj3N06RsMCover photo looks great and eye catching especially as you have stuck to your brand colours. Congratulations
to the artwork designer https://
www.facebook.com
/
100020881571633/
posts/
740175256688520/#MessiPepsiRequest For Help

Hello!
Dear Sir/Mam
I hope you happy and enjoying every moment of your life I pray may god bless you Dear Sir/Mam I am from Pakistan and I am finding a great person who could help me Dear Sir/Mam I need a job in any company outside of my country I have ability to do something but I belong with a poor family thats why I can't afford visa and ticket Dear Sir/Mam I need a free visa and ticket from a company I will work for it Sir/Mam I hope you will not disappointe me this is my humble request to you I will be so much thsnkful to you if you will help me god will help you every time and everywhere.
I will wait for a great response from you.

By:Babal khan jafri
From:Pakistanhttps://
youtu.be/
RRrJPB3aWJ0For the LOVE of Pepsi <3RampackyGaza Thiago1.EVENTS
wedding party send off party birthday party,babyshowe
r, engagement party,
2.photoshoop
Indoor &Outdoor,couple
photo, family photo birthday
3.documentary&f
ilm.
Voice over, motion graphics graphics desing flyers,logo posters

Call 0759000081

EMAIL:wcistudio
2021@gmail.com

Location MBEZI BEACH RAINBOW
@wci studioI fd a smart phone in the crownMobile Phone Manufacturer
4G Smart Mobile Phone
Custom Made Brand OEM & ODM Production. With Indus Engineering.

Please Email to Us For More Models Quotation.

We Deals more than 247+ Countries in the World.

923039018893
93702434270

Email: indusgroup8@gma
il.com

#mobile #mobilephone #mobileapp #mobilephotograp
hy #mobilegames #MobileLegends #MobileLegendsBa
ngBang #cellphone #cellphonestore #cellphoneaccess
ories #cellphonerepair #cellphonephotog
raphy #engineering #engineeringlife #engineer

#business #businessowner #businessideas #businessman #businesscards #businesswoman #businesslife #smallbusiness #businessdevelop
ment #businesscoachin
g #businessbuilder #localbusiness #supportsmallbus
iness #onlinebusiness #businessmindsethttps://
youtu.be/
27fqkSoURiYDear people from all nations,
We are very sorry if it is disturbing you. But we really need help to protect our rights.
#WeVotedNLD and always disliked both the speech and act of the military. We people have been against the despicable acts of the military and this time we think they(the military leaders) get what they deserve. They are not getting away with everything they have done over the years.
#HelpUs
#HelpMyanmar
#SavePeace
We truly appreciate your help.#SaveMyanmar 
#SaveBurma 
#Reject_the_Mili
tary !!!
#We_need_democra
cy!!!
#Help_us_and_sup
port_our_Leader
_AungSanSuuKyi_
government!!!Success comes with a price, I never believed in online trading after my awful experience with scammers who parade themselves as account managers,bitcoi
n Miner's I lost heavily to scammers, until a friend of mine told me about his broker experience with, Mrs alisa when I chatted with her I knew I was in the right place, I gave it a try and i gave her my last shot. But to my greatest surprise I got my withdrawal, I now earn on weekly basis, all thanks to her. You can also contact her Via : https://t.me/
joinchat/
VuSxwJy5OpR6gOyk
https://t.me/
joinchat/
VuSxwJy5OpR6gOyk
https://t.me/
joinchat/
VuSxwJy5OpR6gOykhttps://
www.siepomaga.pl
/en/fabianI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332https://
www.bloombergqui
nt.com/amp/
bq-blue-exclusiv
e/
the-inside-story
-of-pepsi-s-phi
lippines-bottle
-contest-fiascohttps://
www.bloombergqui
nt.com/amp/
bq-blue-exclusiv
e/
the-inside-story
-of-pepsi-s-phi
lippines-bottle
-contest-fiascoFeels good,Please put Mya G on canhttps://
www.facebook.com
/events/
yoga-studio-nová
-francouzska/
yoga-retreat-mad
eira-říjen-2019
/
364323130874750/And one more Marketing from teachers. Yours are from Michael Era really really HORIBLE same as result in Nielsen data on country. It´s CATMAN SCATMAN. love it So now and here Bebe Brumík bear broom broom Love youuuuu moooore https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=D6xQrhJN
lUU.... MIXIT our cereal new brand. Really good one your way yourseLF pá pá, 5829 kiss you radion gaga Bebe gaga Káč Káč https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=D6xQrhJN
lUUhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=s-HaaJ_z
tqs&list=RDs-Ha
aJ_ztqs&start_r
adio=1Golden ping on the wall ZERO... with buffalo HORNS to see ne ne nemusím /I do not have to/ ja už ho vidím/ uaaaa christmas tree. Do you wanna Pee Pepsi. Pee the apple, but I am a PEAR, sorry with the code 5829. Burn it now yourseLF.... LF is sending HEALT and LOVE.... Barborka never stop loving TV ADD. KUKU I am Marketing Educated. Love you MORE with pearsing EYES and Snake INSIGHT.... BRAIN STORM ING Konopiště Marihuana Konopiště is not Konopí Marihuana but nice CASTle close to Danone Factory In Bene šov. Pápá https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=y4TbNFLw
rlohttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=FeGqKwTY
x4M&ab_channel=
ViktorKrstevski
Mobikwik accounts avilble....

email:pass + balance details will be provided....
10% offf....
cracked accounts

avilble in bulk...
50rs to 10k

for exp without u can use on realme.com/ paymatrix extra extraa..https://
www.theguardian.
com/
environment/
2020/dec/07/
coca-cola-pepsi-
and-nestle-name
d-top-plastic-p
olluters-for-th
ird-year-in-a-r
ow?fbclid=IwAR1
SRNj2U8sLVgYdvs
tFRknIS9okYjgdp
w8pq7dp-DOOdamg
a7JwB1FRk2IDoes anyone remember Pepsi Cino?World best testy pepsiLove pepsilove pepsihttps://
www.theguardian.
com/
environment/
2020/dec/07/
coca-cola-pepsi-
and-nestle-name
d-top-plastic-p
olluters-for-th
ird-year-in-a-r
ow?CMP=fb_gu&ut
m_medium=Social
&utm_source=Fac
ebook#Echobox=1
607335978**Do Share**
VITAL INFO:
COMPARING MUHAMMAD & JESUS:
https://
www.docdroid.net
/zf99dSN/
muhammad-jesus-c
omparison-pdf

WHAT ARCHAEOLOGERS SAY ABOUT THE BODY OF THE APOSTLES:
https://
www.docdroid.net
/hEkgPgN/
where-are-the-ap
ostles-now-pdfhttps://
www.mixcloud.com
/alan-hendrix2/
wigwamsaintedsin
nerscivicgreent
hrillhouse 'pepsi my fav drink and 1 hour of rock click the link to listen try ithttps://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/Happy 349 promo. Pa binggo/ lotto nmn dyan pepsi.Hi sir, good day, can i have your sihanoukville branch sales manager contact, thank you.https://
www.facebook.com
/
raees.akram.3150อภิสิทธิ์ รักษาวงษ์อภิสิทธิ์ รักษาวงษ์Many of you praised Pepsi, and many of you criticized it. What bugs me is that they didn't reply to.my questions, even though I've sent E mails and FB several times over a few years. Many corporations have this poor habit.Asslam-O-Alikum
i am Sidra from Silk Bank related personal loan and ready line from Lahore.
Personal loan salary required=45000
Ready line salary required=43000#boycottsalmankh
an
#boycottpepsiLove the taste.

05161987
Mark Anthony Gonzales Evangelista
GOD m.me/
realcreatorgod

Dear . To GETORADE world and PHILIPPINES headquarters

I have proposal that real greatness.
You need to made own made by GETORADE company a sneaker that sell in 7/11 and other supermarkets .
I wish we dont have a PROBLEM at my proposal its real stress on my mind .!

Thank you and keep safe all owner of pepsi and boss at GETORADE.

Sincerely letter that can end pesis!!!!!

GOD.

05161987
Mark Anthony Gonzales Evangelista
GOD m.me/
realcreatorgod

Dear . To GETORADE world and PHILIPPINES headquarters

I have proposal that real greatness.
You need to made own made by GETORADE company a sneaker that sell in 7/11 and other supermarkets .
I wish we dont have a PROBLEM at my proposal its real stress on my mind .!

Thank you and keep safe all owner of pepsi and boss at GETORADE.

Sincerely letter that can end pesis!!!!!

GODSo when are you bringing back Pepsi Raw? That shit was the best.

05161987
Mark Anthony Gonzales Evangelista
GOD m.me/
realcreatorgod

Dear . To GETORADE world and PHILIPPINES headquarters

I have proposal that real greatness.
You need to made own made by GETORADE company a sneaker that sell in 7/11 and other supermarkets .
I wish we dont have a PROBLEM at my proposal its real stress on my mind .!

Thank you and keep safe all owner of pepsi and boss at GETORADE.

Sincerely letter that can end pesis!!!!!

GOD.

05161987
Mark Anthony Gonzales Evangelista
GOD m.me/
realcreatorgod

Dear . To GETORADE world and PHILIPPINES headquarters

I have proposal that real greatness.
You need to made own made by GETORADE company a sneaker that sell in 7/11 and other supermarkets .
I wish we dont have a PROBLEM at my proposal its real stress on my mind .!

Thank you and keep safe all owner of pepsi and boss at GETORADE.

Sincerely letter that can end pesis!!!!!

GOD.

05161987
Mark Anthony Gonzales Evangelista
GOD m.me/
realcreatorgod

Dear . To GETORADE world and PHILIPPINES headquarters

I have proposal that real greatness.
You need to made own made by GETORADE company a sneaker that sell in 7/11 and other supermarkets .
I wish we dont have a PROBLEM at my proposal its real stress on my mind .!

Thank you and keep safe all owner of pepsi and boss at GETORADE.

Sincerely letter that can end pesis!!!!!

GODVERY NICEPls follow me to tiktok my name is jesslyn02288 pls follow me team pepsi and syempre follow back you promise guys legit po akong taHappy Sunday
Good News Everybody's, We pay a loan in 72hrs at a rate of 3% interest from $10,000 USD to $100.000,000. USD, after due diligence is conducted and you complete the procedures.
If you need a loan or have a huge project that required funding do not hesitate to contact us immediately. We offer both Business and Personal loan at a very low rate of 2% interest rate. Dr Benjamin Loan Investments is a worldwide financial institution with over 9 years of experience Contact us today:
Call/
Text: +1(415)630-7138 Email: drbenjaminfinan
ce@gmail.comhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=zSkBgIu2
nNkhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=zSkBgIu2
nNkF*ck you and your ghetto colaPepsi Can you please bring back PEPSI BLUE to the Philippines.?Muhammad SheesNo more Pepsi for me. Pepsi support of BLM is pathetic. Supporting a terroristic organization is not something I will condone.PEPSI: 1. Why can we not (for the last six years) get FRITO'S in Taiwan? 2. Where I I buy Sting in Taiwan, other than Vietnam shops in Hukou?Phokchat PimkoteLet the boycott begin!!! Donating to blm is like giving money to the kkk same thing you fucking idiotshttps://
www.facebook.com
/bdrutimaker/White lives matter..https://
youtu.be/
Y2HxEjtVgHIAnywhere this commercial in HD :) https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=vc-GlOqx
ddkhttps://
www.iherb.com/
?rcode=BHU7780Niaz NurBazar di Antonio Marzano - Cosacerchiedove...........https://
web.facebook.com
/
TikTok_Rager-114
851760288171/i waforgiveguaran
teent to let the world know about draudo the Great spell caster that brought back my husbanDr,udod to me when i thought all hope was lost. drudo used his powerful spell to put a smile on my face by bringing back my mhean with his spell, at first i thought i was dreaming when my husband came back to me on his knees begging me to him and accept him back and ever since then he loves me more than i ever expected so i made a vow to my self that i will let the World know about Dr,udo because is a God on today for i give you 100% that he will help you just as he helped me. dr udo is: drudo59@gmail.c
om OR add him on whats app via +2349032136705Pepsi is love

Yes. Please like

https://
www.facebook.com
/demigodong/

https://
www.facebook.com
/
liangwei.ong.94/Hello Good Day .. Please My Name Is DJ SLOWMIZ From Ikorodu Lagos Nigeria.. I Will Love To Work With Your Company As a DJ..

Tell/ WhatsApp.... +2348028436820.
Email.. djslowmiz@gmail
.com..
Instagram..@Djs
lowmiz.
Facebook Page.. Dj SlowmizWen is the show sarting guyi need jobGkcl cogrdhttps://
www.youtube.com/
channel/
UCaeRL5RKE1S835h
tj09hZ8Qhow to orderWind Sounds for Sleeping
Right-click and press on Loop to Relax longer.

Real Mountain Pass Wind Sounds for Deep Sleep Relaxation and Meditation |Howling Wind Ambience
subscribers: https://
www.youtube.com/
channel/
UCd-lPJLtJpnwuZq
3R4VfXBg?view_a
s=subscriber
#windsoundsforsl
eeping
#MindRelaxation
##8hoursofchristm
asmusicwithfire
place
#Naturesoundsbir
ds #Mind
#Natureriversoun
d #beach #sleep_music
#Oceansoundsbeac
hsounds #beach #sleep
#relaxingrainsou
ndsforsleeping1
hour #Mindhttps://
www.facebook.com
/use.rashed/
posts/
145254723789732Hello Everyone,
I'm Isabella Amelia from London (Arsenal)
I'm pleased to make a comment here concerning cryptocurrency and binary option trading most especially the famous(BITCOIN)
I'm a professional trader and bitcoin miner for about 6years now ,and I'm able to make 1000% successful profit return of bitcoin investment placed by my client's in 7working days...
for interested investors you can DM me for more info!https://
www.facebook.com
/
591635214553037/
posts/
1119553418427878
/
Go ND watch itHello Contact meHi..how can i personally message you..?hope you will reach to me..thank youhow to win one million dollars!
https://
khabarme.ir/
SAG TOOOOOOOOOOOOOS
Hhttps://
pvagmails.com/https://
www.angelinvestm
entnetwork.com.
pk/
proposalsubmit/
documents/
1048504Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesWatch One World: Together at Home Concert Online Live Stream
LiveStream https://
dailytvstream.co
m/
together-at-home
-concert-live/Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Why can’t you just go back to using Glass Bottles?

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesSubscribe to channel 
https://
youtu.be/
hmSlBRv7DIgDo you need a loan We do offer loan with instant online approval, personal loan, company loan, car loan, student loan,furniture loan,etc.....we
give from $7,000 to $20,000.000. our loan come with 3% interest rate and we can grant loan to any where in the world ....if you are interested contact he now on (jerryfreemanlo
anhelper@gmail.
com)I love PepsiFrancine Sandrita Torrevillashttps://
amzn.to/2wWEC9Ahi..Please one job sirhttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=2750002665
116890&id=10000
3215500406I love Pepsihttps://
www.facebook.com
/
Kacperek-Ryło-35
2286185430948/
Maybe this time, good people will help Kacper !!! 12-month-old boy, I need PLN 8 million for my treatment !!! Let's not be indifferent, every zloty counts.
I am asking for help on behalf of Kacperek's parents and myself. A good deed before Christmas 
Beloved, if you read this, keep sharing, like, comment so that there is publicity all over Poland, the whole world !!! 

Maybe you can help this time too !!I don't careDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Glad to see you're not pushing the sugar free stuff. Good for you Pepsi.Pepsi is suing some poor Indian farmers for growing potatoes. This is seriously fucked up, Pepsi, what the fuck is wrong with you?REALLY... Four Indian farmers are being sued by PepsiCo for more than £100,000 each for allegedly growing a variety of potatoes which infringes the company's patent
Farmers in India sued by Pepsi for 'illegally growing potato seeds'
news.sky.commy kind music an suga pepsi!!.Pepsi suing farmers in India.

http://
cnnphilippines.c
om/business/
2019/4/26/
pepsi-india-lays
-chips-potato-s
uit.html?fbclid
=IwAR2Hi Persi.The man in the video is the Olavo de Carvalho, he is a Brazilian philosopher who lives in USA.
In the video he says that Pepsi uses human fetal cells to sweeten its product.
I think you should take a look and translate the video, audio because this man has a half million followers on Facebook and even more in the Twitter and instagram.The people usually hear whatever he says. https://
youtu.be/
7l4WmFjzDlsWill you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesSo is the rumour true that you are remormulating your recipe to remove more than half of the sugar out of regular Pepsi ?Your new recipe for old good Pepsi, full of artificial sweeteners, with disgusting taste is really awful. Shame on you for messing with only last good Coke. Professional gravity roller shelf manufacture for beverage fridges and C-stores. If you have interested in Gravity roller shelves, contact me below:
export01@gdofl.
com; Mob/
whatsapp:+86 18666952188
https://
www.oflrollershe
lf.com/can someone please explain what the UN-pepsi draw is all about?Good day, who is the marketing director/
manager as I would like to partner on an unscripted outdoor/
travel reality TV Series. I have a signed Letter of Intent (LOI) from BRICSTV to broadcast the 13 x 48 minute program. BRICS is an acronym for Brazil,Russia,India,Chin
a,SouthAfrica with a viewership of over 1,2 BILLION Viewers. Additionally, I have a worldwide Distributor in place being; Bruder Releasing www.4BRI.net. I look forward to your reply or email me at: louie@beyondxtr
eme.co.za with the heading; DONTVertical Blue is proud to present the Freediving World Series, which will kick off for the first year in 2020.
5 events, 5 continents, and all the top athletes in the world competing for the crown of world's deepest man and woman.
– The Caribbean Cup, Honduras, May
– Vertical Blue, Bahamas, June
– Kalamata, Greece, September
– Sharm el Sheikh, Egypt, November
– Panglao, Phillipines, March (starting 2021).

The Freediving World Series is a joint venture project which currently has the participation of VB and CMAS.
Interested sponsors/
partners should contact us at events@vertical
blue.netMessihttps://
edition.cnn.com/
2019/04/25/
business/
pepsico-india-po
tato-farmer-law
suit/
index.html?utm_s
ource=fbCNNi&ut
m_content=2019-
04-26T00%3A00%3
A03&utm_term=li
nk&utm_medium=s
ocial Irresponsible use of rainforest-dest
roying palm oil, and now this. Indigenous peoples should be suing you, not the other way round.I'll only drink Cherry Pepsi, otherwise it just sucks in taste.Not quite so sexy:
PepsiCo sues 4 farmers in India for growing potatoes it uses in Lays chips https://
www.cnn.com/
2019/04/25/
business/
pepsico-india-po
tato-farmer-law
suit/index.html
 No more Pepsi or Lays in my household.Pepsi’s business partner Indofood has been found guilty of underpaying workers on its palm oil plantations, discriminating against women, and using illegal child labour.How does one contact Pepsi Customer Service?Why did the compony decide to abolish pepsi crispy?No to single use plastics! It's time to CHANGE. Corals are dying, trees burning, whales, dolphins, seabirds and fish are dying with plastics in their guts. We are stewards of this Earth. Listen to the nature's cry for help. Let's work together to make this better. Please stop creating plastic bottles!I have a complain

Every shopkeeper in karachi is selling pepsi at higher price than standard

Where should we complaini need to know about pepsi. some information....
..someone can help me ? 03171028517 this my watsap numberWhen is your company going to take the lead and ban the use of plastic bottles? In view of the huge damage caused to our environment the delay has been totally unacceptable and you are an uncaring unecological company who is only concerned about accumulating mass profit.the game is on...tonightSuing indian farmers for growing potatoes. Nice marketing move Pepsi!additing life to life pepsiHi, any one to help me and list for me pepsi productsAn area of deforestation half the size of Paris has been found in Papua. The company who is responsible supplies Pepsi, Nestlé, Mars Wrigley Confectionery U.S. and Unilever. These brands are failing to meet their promise to stop buying #palmoil at the cost of forest destruction >>> https://act.gp/
2r3GcPH Help us spread the word. #WeAreWatchingDare for more just a smoth soft drinking becabonete created wellNg send ako ng picture ng mountain Dew na product ng Pepsi cola.pero ignore nyo lang ang concern naming mga loyal costumer nyo! Sana i entertain nyo nman kamii have drank amountain dew soda now and my code is 3RGFPW and my NUMBER IS 0781998324.
Can You Do My Best NowRecently I have found myself very interested in your drink, Pepsi. but it was not until few weeks ago that this drink started to disappear in my locality, not even its accompanying drinks like mirinda and seven up are missing. I don't know if the depot has officially cut supply to my area or what actually is going on. I am really anguished in thirsty for pepsi. I am from Tanzania by the way!In Yangon Is this machine available?In Kyrgyzstan, Kazakh PEPSI conduct a lottery draw ... So they are fraudsters and deceivers, in fact, they don’t even send a measly 65 soms to the balance of the phone, let alone the Toyota Camry. It is not written where this lottery draw is held. Nowhere do it show it, nobody controls this lottery draw .. Apparently prizes are received by dummy persons ...Shame on you!!! https://
www.fastcompany.
com/90340728/
pepsi-is-suing-4
-indian-farmers
-for-potato-inf
ringementgood morning, am angel, i want to know why i don't win any price at pepsi coz i was entered in a draw yesterdayHave pic to send Pepsi contact or watsup no plzEquip yourself with the requisite ICT knowledge, skills and tools for easy business analysis.
We offer intensive training in the following Applications packages such as:
* Sage
* QuickBooks
* Tally ERP
* Advance Excel
* Peachtree Accounting
* Project Management
* Office application packages
" Implementation
" Software Procurement
Training and Configuration..
For more details please call 08033550193, 08028936041 TARPAULIN ONLINE 
Your end-to-end solution in Digital Printing. Mura. Mabilis. Maganda.
 Billboard
 Tarpaulin Printing
 Signage
 Roll-up Banner
 X-Stand
 (02) 636-5818
 Smart : 0999-660-0457
 Globe : 0997-603-8152
#tarpaulinprinti
ng #tarpaulinservic
es #tarpaulin #printing #quezoncity #xstand #billboard #rollupi hope one day i will travel to europe and watch just one match live..DOWNLOADHALLELUJAH BY ROZZY
CLICK ON DA LINK  https://
nigeriannewsblog
.com/blog/
music-rozzy-hall
eluyah-prod-by-
xtofas-beatz/

JAH BLESS YOU
PUT ON  REPEAT
 @IAM_ROZZY

PLS REPOST AND SHARE THANKS.The Egyptian Kingsince my childhood, I love Pepsi, and my drink friend name Pepsi. I love you Pepsi. .Join the Illuminati brotherhood today and get money power and fame, we are opening our doors to the masses.you can contact us on Whattsapp +13233642194 you to be a member of the great Illuminati brother hood........Perhaps you should put a picture of the poor Indian farmers you're trying to sue https://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers/
pepsico-sues-fou
r-indian-farmer
s-for-using-its
-patented-lays-
potatoes-idUSKC
N1S21ELhi hello po ask lng po, mgkano ang ma purchase ng softdrinkz ninyu, pra mka hiram me ng refrigerator ng pepsi? thankzhttps://
youtu.be/
2ebqKw1wnNkYOU DID AN OOPSIESheikh Oli AfridiSheikh Oli AfridiComplaints: PEPSI PRODUCT in 1 liter very dirtyWont drink pepsi from now on...its ToxicHello every one I want to work for pepsiThe Egyptian king.https://
www.facebook.com
/1355573851/
posts/
1021465049256006
9/I like pepsi but u support T series

So noStop making and using plastic bottles! We are in a climate/
environmental and ecological crisis...this has to stop!
Hello pepsi#pepsi_for_life
#mess(i)_with_pepsiHi pepsi is the best soda....UEFA...
am still waiting Kevin De bruyne... my team Manchester city How to get pepsi chillerhttps://
www.facebook.com
/DailyCaller/
videos/
619072028554806/
UzpfSTQwNzI3OTkw
OTQyMTEyODoxMzM
zNzc0MTMzNDM4Mz
Yz/Yeeeeeeeee Pepsi epicPepsi pay me my moneyPepsi pay me myHello ask Lang po.sister company Lang po Ang mountain dew.at pepsi salamat pohttps://
youtu.be/
4Bb31T4RHFMPepsi you are the best.
Im from BENIN REPUBLIC new come on artist right now I am in need of you To explore my talent. In my country there is not more of your products so according To my brain I will like To be your paticular artist in my country so you are invited To come and share your product's.
So please I will like you people To visit my single on youtube by Tapping the following adresse: https://
youtu.be/
39RL2OYoY08
To know more about me please call +22960029003 or my gmail madanorieoff@gm
ail.com. Thanks To answer very soon.@ PEPSI COMPANY ABUJA steady huzzu!!pooring in mamelodiWhere is Messi ,my Iconi love pepsiI love pepsiThe stupidity of some companies beggars belief. Coke have been handed a huge PR opportunity in scrapping or finding an environmentally
friendly alternative to plastic bottles. They could have portrayed themselves as environmental messiahs as the single biggest source of pollution. Instead they’ve pissed off all the environmental activists around the world by saying they won’t ditch the bottles. A huge part of their market instantly alienated. Let’s hope Pepsi aren’t so blinkered and take this chance to steal a large part of cokes market. Much prefer Pepsi anyway.PEPSI PLASTIC BOTTLES ARE DESTROYING THE NATURAL ENVIRONMENT. ITS TIME TO FIND A NEW MATERIAL FOR YOUR CONTAINERS THAT DON'T END UP KILLING WILDLIFE AND POLLUTING THE PLANET!! IT'S TIME.add me up guys?Our enemies have sided with coke!
That's why I'm joining Pepsi !I sip around 20% of my mums Pepsi whenever she gets one, I just realised why I only enjoy 20% of my Pepsi even when its mine, dear God I now know what to do with my remaining pepsi, even when I'm far from her I know the right thing to do is to keep it for her till I eventually finish my pepsi myself, please I dont want to wander what to do with the remaining pepsi yet, I love my mom please keep my mom safe and sound. Ameen #pepsiVerry nc.Pepsi cola produckwent will weekly draw bepepsi awrd and lucky draw is true or not??????as well as sweatable drinkingMake N5000 weekly with your FB account
Start sharing ads on facebook and earn up to N5000 per week.
http://nbrl.me/
?c=s4966d26e0behttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsi-drop-indof
ood-for-good?sp
_ref=480835071.
99.194813.f.628
038.2&referring
_akid=53569.530
0804.3kwAdv&sou
rce=fb&fbclid=I
wAR0DZepVMFdwso
egl6fYgLMgYjZ3W
G-ZmVPN0OmXbYXv
WNytNuKO3iXwoewhttps://
www.repubblica.i
t/esteri/2019/
04/28/news/
pepsi_contro_13_
contadini_india
ni_hanno_coltiv
ato_una_patata_
protetta_da_cop
yright-22504503
0/
?ref=RHPPBT-BH-I
0-C4-P9-S1.4-T1CONGRATS! YOUR MOBILE NUMBER HAS WON 500,000 POUNDS IN THE 2019 PEPSI PROMO . TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE. SEND UR NAME, AGE AND MOBILE NUMBER TO: ppeawd@hotmail.
com
IS THIS YOUR ACCOUNTDOWNLOADHALLELUJAH BY ROZZY
CLICK ON DA LINK  https://
nigeriannewsblog
.com/blog/
music-rozzy-hall
eluyah-prod-by-
xtofas-beatz/

JAH BLESS YOU
PUT ON  REPEAT
 @IAM_ROZZY

PLS REPOST AND SHARE THANKS.Jeff Onwumerehttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELhttps://
youtu.be/
vMDZlKHCgREHello!!! Do you want to be a member of the great Illuminati and start
receiving 2,000,000,00USD
monthly and be popular among others and have
riches and fame,,this is the only chance of being of the Illuminati..I was
sent by the Freemason high chief in United States of America. to bring 52 members into the Illuminati,I
have gotten 32,so we looking for 20,,so try and be among the twenty people
to be rich and famous??
If you are interested whatsapp (+1- 386-259-1874).... STATO Monte Maggio......... Per la pace e - il governo del mondo.........Wow niceNiceWowBest NiceNice drinkPepsi pepsiTI love pepsiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiIdo EfratiLove brohi davidtaylorNeed a jobgoodtoopen the business ofpepsii love pepsi sooooo much!!OrayoGoodHIplease think for the social justice projects Mr chairman & ceoam new here+923000080365 please need a job please pepsihttps://
www.instagram.co
m/p/
B0_Vu9vhzrY/
?igshid=q8md0ton
765yNada Khalid SeeHave ever been told that you will never make it in life? Is getting promotion at your place of work a problem? Has your lover abandoned you for other ladies after he has promised to marry you? Have the evil spirits blocked your marriage from having the fruits of the womb? Is yours that of being 'used and dumped' by men after you have given them your heart? Or you want your lover to come back by force? Do you want your lover to take good care of you and continue to spend for you? or Are you suffering from one of the deadly veneral diseases that you are ashamed of discussing it with anybody? Well, this is the unique opportunity for you to talk to us @ AGBOOLABIORISA Home (where nature cure is derived from solid african spiritualism). We possess God given powers to solve your problems through psychic and cosmic powers of the universe. {09058029550} dont flash.......All pepsi lovers gotta see this
https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854This is going to have to happen to every company at some point: ditching single use plastic. Why not be the first to start saving the world?

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3480646988
627651&id=10000
0471536109Hello!!! Do you want to be a member of the great Illuminati and start
receiving 2,000,000,00USD
monthly and be popular among others and have
riches and fame,,this is the only chance of being of the Illuminati..I was
sent by the Freemason high chief in United States of America. to bring 52 members into the Illuminati,I
have gotten 32,so we looking for 20,,so try and be among the twenty people
to be rich and famous??
If you are interested whatsapp (+1- 386-259-1874)I am pepsi fansJohn EscobioYOUR MOBILE No HAS GIVEN £500,000 IN 2019 UK PEPSI END OF THE YEAR MOBILE PROMO,TO CLAIM SEND UR NAME MOBILE No AND UR AGE TO: pepsiclaim2019@
hotmail.com
This SMS was sent from a number on my mobile. Does this mean I have a little question if anyone knows please let me know.You should update this photo to reflect what your company is about: razed Indonesion rainforest, homeless and distraught Orangutans, and exploited workers...court
esy of your supplier Indofood, who you still refuse to break ties with. Disgusting! No Pepsico product will pass my lips, and neither should it yours.Have you be searching for money to build up your business or have you been a business partner without no money to establish it to the next level of your choice, I'm here to introduce to you on how you can build up a successful business today by having the black atm card that will enable you to withdraw $10,000us dollar everyday.
DO YOU KNOW YOU CAN BECOME A BOSS OF YOURSELF AND ALSO START UP ANY BUSINESS OF YOUR CHOICE. OR YOU NEED MORE MONEY TO ESTABLISH YOUR OWN BUSINESS
MAKE $10,000US DOLLAR EVERYDAY, FROM A HACKED ATM CARD
ATM HACK CODES, FRESH, MAKE 10,000$ EVERYDAY, contact Mr Frederick +2349052014282 who
Insured plastic ATM
cards with pin and cash out from ATM. They works all over
the world.
you can also watch more of my videos on you tube with this
link: inbox on +2349052014282 today and start a good business of your choice.Yuck. Sponsoring TGay eh?Pepsi Drink & Bottling Company USA
700 Anderson Hill Road
Purchase, NY 10577 USA
Tel +1 (478)2103195

Dear Winner,

{DIPLOMATIC MEANS OF PAYMENT OF {PEPSI AWARD 2019}

This is to inform you that we have completed the processing of your winning fund ($850,000.00) eight hundred and fifty thousand US Dollars and all necessary approvals obtained for the payment to be made to you accordingly.

However after an emergency meeting with the board of directors today, approval has been given for your payment to be made immediately to you without further delay through our diplomatic cash payment system.

The diplomatic cash payment system is systems of payment were the fund will be brought to your country in cash through a diplomat and delivered to you accordingly.

The fund will be neatly packed in a diplomatic case as diplomatic consignment which will make it not to be checked by custom or security agencies as it is covered by diplomatic immunity.

All arrangements for the departure and arrival of the diplomat will take care of and concluded here as soon as we receive your confirmation email as there is no further time to waste now.

You will be informed of the details and requirements as soon as we receive your re-confirmation
email.

For further arrangement, you are required to reconfirm the below information without any mistake to enable us to complete the process of delivery your prize without further delay.

(1) Your Prize Amount: ...............
...............
...............
.....
(2) Your Age:...........
...............
...............
...............
.......
(3) Address where the consignment is to be dispatched: ...............
...............
.........
(4) Your Occupation:....
...............
...............
...............
...............
...............
.
(5) Your Mobile Phone Number:........
...............
...............
...............
...............
.......
(6) Your Home Phone..........
...............
...............
...............
...............
...............
..........
(7) Your complete Full Name:..........
...............
...............
...............
...............
..............

Note that as soon as we confirm the above information, we shall complete the proper arrangement for the delivery of your prize to you in your residence.

Waiting for your respond.
===============
===============
===============
=============

Kind Regards,
Name: Richard Evans,
Tel : +1(478)2103195
WhatsApp: +1(478)2103195
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

How true is this massage?
Give me today this massageI’ve gained a lot of freedom through binary options trading, including financial freedom, as well as the freedom (and confidence) I needed to enact some very positive changes in my life. My family and I make good use of our additional opportunities and are taking a trip to Asia for vacation this year! That’s something we never would have been able to do before I discovered binary options trading
It has really made a remarkable changes in my life and i have gotten a lot of profits i employ you today to invest and be happy just like me today sharing my experience with you.
Contact Binary Option Trader via:
Facebook: Grant Rowland Sommerfeld
WhatsApp: +17472073237
Email: sommerfeldgrant
@gmail.com.;;Everyone, Hong Kong police forced Hong Kong residents to kneel down to them before they go home yesterday
But Pepsi write the word “support Hong Kong Police” on colaPepsi support Hong Kong Police to suppress people freedom

https://
m.facebook.com/
story/
graphql_permalin
k/
?graphql_id=Uzpf
STU4NzU2MzY4MTp
WSzoyNDkzNTEzOT
I3NTI3NDI4Pepsi is a sponsor of Legia Warszawa, a football club in Miasto Stołeczne Warszawa #skazaninalegię
https://
sdgln.com/
health-wellness-
sports/2019/03/
04/
large-homophobic
-banner-hangs-h
igh-over-soccer
-field-during-g
ameWill you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesI have a complain

Every shopkeeper in karachi is selling pepsi at higher price than standard

Where should we complainHi Are you looking for a LOGO Designer. Don't worry!. I am a Professional Graphic Designer with 4 years of Experience in Graphic Design.I have Completed so many Logo design Projects. I can design your logo with low Cost ,Unlimited Rivision . Contract Me: https://bit.ly/
2X0GcD5Count me in pleaseJust seen documentary on pepsi fighter jet. Fair is fair the lad should have got his jet or at least the value. Will never buy a Pepsi product again. Disgusting behaviourI’m following everyone Love from BangladeshHi Pepsi, if I wanted to taste Pepsi Max I would buy that. Please bring back the original recipe, us regular people who only had Pepsi once in a while would still like to enjoy the taste :)It's awful and sad what you made with the New Pepsi. Still looks the same but taste so much worse. Until now I only bought Pepsi products but I will change to Coca-Cola. I think many of us thinks the same, I'm furious about this change.New pepsi is terribleThey could both win the new recipe cola. It would be like winning a shit on a tombola.Good tasteGood tasteJust watched the harrier jet doc on Netflix, and also what happened in the Philippines, we don't drink Pepsi no moreWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... Pepsi is shit now, get rid of the sweeteners!I don't know why you have done this but I just drank a glass of "normal" pepsi and it was disgusting. Checked the ingredients and you now add sweeteners? I've always had Pepsi over the other brands but if your sugar version of the drink contains sweeteners then you will lose customers. Now tastes awful, if I wanted diet pepsi or less sugar then I would buy diet or pepsi max. You've ruined your flagship drinkDoes this can have artificial sweeteners? Can’t see them drinking the rubbish you are going to be selling in the UK. Bye Pepsi only one standing now is Coke.Give John Leonard his Jet!Pepsi taste like shitLeo messi quality best in the world his also quality tho salahValues and principles are above business Challenge in Angola is with DOS ANJOS Banda Pepsi is amazing juice being enjoyed by African people expecially kenyan's living around Mombasa . congratulations
to MD controlling this companyPresident Ramon Laguarta
Are you happy to have Ukrainian blood on your hands?See Pepsi sponsoring this new game "Last Ukraine child or mother standing" Great fun for all the Putin supporters.... I'd say Leo Messi and Mohamed Salah would love playing this GET OUT OF RUSSIA #standwithukrain
e Values and principles are above business. Show your position. Stop financing the war. Stop supporting putin's nazi regime.Got about 30 cans of cherry Pepsi Max left. If you don't pull out of Russia, they'll be my last. #standwithukrian
eWhy are you still operating in Russia? Close your Belarus and Russian operations. #peoplebeforepro
fitBoycottingStop selling in Russia and Belarus - children are DYING and parents are grieving - I will never buy from you again until you do the right thing to do your bit to encourage an end to war. Absolute shame on you.Last can standing? What about last child standing in Ukraine?? Stop supporting evil dictatorship and get a grip on humanity, the moral future of your brand is reflected on your decisions now.I want any job from your companyStandard blue Pepsi has been the only cola drink in our house for over 20 years. This is because it had sugar in it and no artificial sweeteners. I had a bad reaction, neurologically,
to drinks with Ace K in them, causing a weird pill rolling tick in my left hand. When I reasearched it, one thing that came up was Michael J Fox and his Parkinsons, rumoured to have been triggered by a diet Pepsi drink addiction. His parkinsons started with that same tick.
I stopped drinking any drinks with artificial sweeteners (this made very difficult in the UK lately, by our idiotic goverenment and its "sugar tax"). However Pepsi was still OK as is ordinary Coca Cola, Fanta, R Whites Lemonade and a couple of supermarket own brands of Lemonade (Waitrose ans Sainsbury).
My tick stopped after a few weeks of artificial abstinance. It did come back when Fanta change its recipe to include Aspartame and Ace K, without telling anyone. I thought there was something as it tasted funny, but at the time I had a bad case of the flu, and I thought it was due to that. When my flu cleared I had become used to the weird taste which I only noticed after having an old stock bottle of Fanta with all sugar. And my tick had returned! R Whites had already changed its formula, and is now disgusting (and R Whites has gone from the No1 Lemonade, to hardly been stocked any more).
Changing to sugar drinks again cleared my tick, and it has been gone for over 10 years now. If I had carried on drinking Fanta I reckon I would have had Parkinsons by now.
Pepsi have really dropped the ball on this one. There is already a choice of diet versions, why cant you let us have one we like, even if some people think sugar is bad for us. When I was a kid we all drank sugary fizzy drinks, very few kids were obese, and not many people were type 2 diabetic. Now there are obese kids everywhere, and type 2 is on the increase. Sugary drinks isnt the problem. Supersize meals, lack of exercise, and possibly artificial sweeteners are the cause.Pepsi you are getting cancelled in the UK! Bring back the full sugar recipe in Pepsi Regular. All your drinks now taste like a whole jar of Sweet n Low/Canderel. What works in Europe doesn't work in the UKWOW that's my favoriteI’m following everyone Love from BangladeshIf it's the last can of Pepsi that contained sugar then I'd hang onto it...

New stuff is pure nasty. It's awful and sad what you made with the New Pepsi. Still looks the same but taste so much worse. Until now I only bought Pepsi products but I will change to Coca-Cola. I think many of us thinks the same, I'm furious about this change.Pepsi... Keep Rock Forever I'm autistic and struggle with drinks especially I've only drank pepsi original for 30 years and now I'm panicking and rationing the 8 crates of 24 cans I have because the change in recipe thats added sweetners is just awful and it leaves a lingering taste in your mouth please bring back the original taste we all love and enjoy I was happy to cover the sugar tax!! Listen to your customers pepsi co!!!I don't know why you have done this but I just drank a glass of "normal" pepsi and it was disgusting. Checked the ingredients and you now add sweeteners? I've always had Pepsi over the other brands but if your sugar version of the drink contains sweeteners then you will lose customers. Now tastes awful, if I wanted diet pepsi or less sugar then I would buy diet or pepsi max. You've ruined your flagship drinkI'll run when I canCan I have a pair lolThere's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productlet support me up Hà Lê



 I love pepsi is my favourite drink Every day people die in Ukraine. You must leave the russian market. Don't let your good name be tarnished. We urge you to close your production in this bloody russian market. Stop shipping your products to russia. Do not pay taxes to the aggressor!Pepsi, do not finance murderers and maniacs with your taxes. Stop working with the Russian aggressor!
You are sponsoring the killings of Ukrainian citizens, women and children.
#StopBusinessWit
hRussia #SaveUkrainianCh
ildrenGET OUT OF RUSSIA #standwithukrain
e Pepsi you sponsored war on Ukraine Do not betray Ukraine, do not leave us face to face with our external enemy! Russia should be severely punished for unleashing a big war in the heart of Europe! I really hope that your company will make the right choice, we will remember this for centuries!Boycotting - stop funding (r)ussiashame! you finance the war, how is it possible??? now you are not a symbol of a holiday for me, but a symbol of war :(it's not about taste anymore, but about good and evil.
#cocacola

chose the latter.
#pepsi

time for your counterattack is now!!!Coca Cola / Pepsi ,,,Are you serious,, still selling, making and trading in Russia and Belarus making a profit why Ukraine suffers and die at the hands of a murder another Hitler. I will never buy your products ever again !!!!!!!!!!!!Boicott PEPSI & Mc Donalds!!! THEY ARE STILL DEALING WITH Russia!!!!Are you still in fucking Russia????love pepsii like pepsi very muchBRING BACK THE ORIGINAL TASTE AS CLASSIC PEPSI Your new Pepsi recipe is disgusting. Fact. I won't buy it. Goodbye pepsiHow do Pepsi have balls to say uk profe there coke to others that's not what I'm reading has far has I'm conserned we are coke cola family now won't have any Pepsi in house now it tast worse then cheap 39p coke rottonHate new Pepsi it tast like cheap 39p cola we now moved to coke cola has so far now coke cola are only coke worth drinking nowI’m following everyone Love YOU boss Leo messi New taste pepsi is rank won’t be drinking it again absolutely killed the tasteWon’t be buying again and sure millions of diabetics worldwide wont be either. Most of us rely on full sugar drinks to get our levels back up. Should have at least put a warning on the can as could have caused a bad accident to diabetics like myself who drive for a living! ScumAs anyone else who is a big Pepsi drinker notice how bad the new Pepsi is with less than half of the sugar that was In it !! Have coke cola done the same cause the new recipe is horrid and bad after taste of the sweetnes!It's awful and sad what you made with the New Pepsi. Still looks the same but taste so much worse. Until now I only bought Pepsi products but I will change to Coca-Cola. I think many of us thinks the same, I'm furious about this change.Pepsi.... Let's go there I did. Until you changed the recipe!! Now it tastes like diet crap. If I wanted diet crap I’d have bought it! Please change your recipe backWhy have you changed something that was not broken.why is there not a label saying that you have changed the ingredients. We have to pay extra for normal pepsi.ive drunk your product for 40 years. Unfortunately I can not support you anymore with this change ,it tastes like max that I've never liked. I'm so sorry to of learn this news now especially as I've still got 20 cans in my fridge. thanks for the good times, but thank God for Coke .I'm autistic and struggle with drinks especially I've only drank pepsi original for 30 years and now I'm panicking and rationing the 8 crates of 24 cans I have because the change in recipe thats added sweetners is just awful and it leaves a lingering taste in your mouth please bring back the original taste we all love and enjoy I was happy to cover the sugar tax!! Listen to your customers pepsi co!!!You have made a huge mistake by losing the iconic original Pepsi taste, I always preferred Pepsi to Coke but not now, the new Pepsi is awful so it is all about Coca-Cola from now onRuined Pepsi.My one pleasure in life you’ve ruined Pepsi I loved the odd glass of Pepsi Now that you've changed your uk recipe and filled your 'regular' brand full of sweeteners.... I'll be drinking Coke.What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... I don't know why you have done this but I just drank a glass of "normal" pepsi and it was disgusting. Checked the ingredients and you now add sweeteners? I've always had Pepsi over the other brands but if your sugar version of the drink contains sweeteners then you will lose customers. Now tastes awful, if I wanted diet pepsi or less sugar then I would buy diet or pepsi max. You've ruined your flagship drinkThere's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productBoss MessiSo, ripping down the green of the rainforest and the orange of the Orangutan, replacing it with a sugar and water drink in a blue can….and you’re actually celebrating this? Sick.Love Pepsi such a great taste of lifePepsi is better than Beer!























.My drink favorityPepsi, do not finance murderers and maniacs with your taxes. Stop working with the Russian aggressor!
You are sponsoring the killings of Ukrainian citizens, women and children.
#StopBusinessWit
hRussia #SaveUkrainianCh
ildrenIf you are into entertainment, you should know bahamas was the place in the 1970's and that the barbados was popular in the 1980's.Boycotting - stop funding (r)ussiait's not about taste anymore, but about good and evil.
#cocacola

chose the latter.
#pepsi

time for your counterattack is now!!!Great videoSelf-love with Pepsi...cr 7 be jealous right.HERE IS A COPY I MADE FOR YOUR BRAND, FEEL FREE TO USE ON YOUR NEXT ADVERT @PEPSI
What gets you feeling a little better after a sunny, stressful day if not a can of chilled PEPSI. Its in such situation you find out for really the difference in PEPSI.bottles do NOT get recycled..... well a very large percentage of them... why is Pepsi Cola killing the planet with thousands of plastic bottles polluting the oceans etc...??? Why are they not using cans instead of toxic plastic...?? Just check out the photos of the plastic waste floating the Pacific Ocean...??Bring back pepsi blue!Pepsi stop ruining our environment https://
www.theguardian.
com/
environment/
2020/dec/07/
coca-cola-pepsi-
and-nestle-name
d-top-plastic-p
olluters-for-th
ird-year-in-a-r
ow?fbclid=IwAR1
SRNj2U8sLVgYdvs
tFRknIS9okYjgdp
w8pq7dp-DOOdamg
a7JwB1FRk2IWhat is this song name?Man I love Pepsi!Pepsi, please stop making plastic bottles - there are environmentally
friendly alternatives available!I have a complain

Every shopkeeper in karachi is selling pepsi at higher price than standard

Where should we complainShame on you Pepsi https://
www.greenpeace.o
rg.uk/
pictures-massive
-deforestation-
linked-major-co
nsumer-brands/I think the 'Pepsi WAZO Bottle' advert in Nigeria is discriminating since it omits the 'BIA' component of the word WAZOBIA. could it be that Pepsi is making a political statement? You should know what I mean!Pepsi so dear now i wont buy any more in my lifetimePlease never cuck out and put ANY sweeteners in your original flavour Pepsi. Cola tastes horrible when not made with sugar.Disgusted with pepsi it wont let me upload picture and it wont let me privet message u so look at my post as public post of what i just found in a can of pepsi disgrasefull evryone feel free to share the pepsi post on my wall  not impressed have always liked pepsi but this has put me off for life!!!! Even worse cant contact pepsi!!!Pist it,DIRTY GARBAGE MOUNTAIN DEWPlz boycott Israel productPlz boycott Israel productLove ithow to get distribution in lahore

any one please tell meBoicott PEPSI & Mc Donalds!!! THEY ARE STILL DEALING WITH Russia!!!!Today I bought my last Pepsi. I took only one mouthful of my non diet Pepsi and it tasted like every other diet drink, nasty. Then csne thr artificial sweetner headache. I checked I had bought thr right one, I had, but the legal name and ingredients Dec showed sweeteners! Your other drinks contain sweeteners and I avoid tyrm, I psy the sugar tax, just to have drinks with out sweeteners thst affect me so badly.

I've spoken to other Neurodivergent people who all say the same. You are therefore alienating people with hidden disabilities.

I'm not a crazed average person, I work in the food industry and know why you have done this, but I feel you are making the wrong move on this. Until the sweeteners are removed, I'm moving to Coke, which used to be an inferior product, but is now better and has a statement showing they will not be following your crazy ideas.Don't be bloody bastards, get out of the Russian market!Hating the new taste! Back to coke it is"LOVE IT LIVE IT! Painting the world RED & White with Coca Cola"
The new formula is horrendous.Pepsi you sponsored war on Ukraine Coca Cola / Pepsi ,,,Are you serious,, still selling, making and trading in Russia and Belarus making a profit why Ukraine suffers and die at the hands of a murder another Hitler. I will never buy your products ever again !!!!!!!!!!!!Tastes like a diet drink in disguise. FoulWhy not sale the Pepsi MAX in Taiwan?PLEASE BOYCOTT THESE ISRAELI/JEWISH PRODUCTS
*We have 2 options to select one:
(1)Boycott these products
or
(2)let Israel buy bullets to kill innocent Palestinian children.....
Coke.
Fanta
Sprite
Pepsi.
Tang
7up
Twix
Kit Kat
Kraft
Nescafe
Kellogs
Max
Cheetos
Nestle
Walls
Loreal
Revelon
Marks and Spencer
Johnson's &Johnson’s
Pampers
Huggies
Colgate
Oral B
Lipton
Nokia
iPhone
HP
Intel
IBM
Mc Donald's
KFC
Burger King
Lays
Garnier
Maggi
Always
Nido
Please forward this message as a Muslim.Redwan Rimon
Massi sala roja rake nah ...pepsi kasse amader samne amader roja halka hoe jasseWhat the hell have you done to Pepsi, bought some on Friday tastes vile nowhttps://bit.ly/
3SbtCZkhttps://
opensea.io/
assets/matic/
0x2953399124f0cb
b46d2cbacd8a89c
f0599974963/
6940156719350778
407343372996764
434274530140708
003307332403275
087747796592230
5/#amovivet Daniela KapralovaNiki BohoWho ever changed the recipe needs firing. Like yesterday. Tastes like aldi diet cola Daniela Kapralova





















Leo Messi

















ရီဟား နား


Crécia Miguel















































































, https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=2006257896
403206&id=10001
0570451372&mibe
xtid=Nif5ozJust here to say that adding sweeteners was a proper school boy error, and see most comments are along the same lines. How much profit loss will you suffer before you realise the error? Anyway just bought my first 24 pack of coke , they can have my money from now on!Pepsi maney faltu..
Pepsi company kotha diye kotha rake na.tader akta qupon a phone jitesi ami.
Phone peyssi phone day na tara.aj 6 month ghurasse.tader Helpline er kotha na bolai valo..vary sad https://
www.facebook.com
/
100039353500161/
posts/
809091300412646/
?app=fblhttps://
fb.watch/
odyh6sJcHa/
?mibextid=NOb6eGYou drink a can you kill a baby in gaza
#BoycottCocaCola,














































I am so disgusted with you Pepsi
I get headaches from artificial sweeteners & a bad reaction

Was trying to work out how when I checked my can of regular Pepsi

Why was I charged the price of a full sugar cola?

Thank you for making me feel ill & thirstier than I opened the canhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
Shahs-Handicraft
s-Swat-KPK-1040
76308739989/https://
www.change.org/
p/
change-the-pepsi
-formula-back-t
o-how-it-was?re
cruiter=false&u
tm_source=share
_petition&utm_m
edium=facebook&
utm_campaign=ps
f_combo_share_i
nitial&utm_term
=share_for_star
ters_page&recru
ited_by_id=de01
e3a0-cdd4-11ed-
8686-adf99073b4
1d&share_bandit
_exp=initial-35
844895-en-GB&ut
m_content=fht-3
5844895-en-gb%3
A0Hello!
Sorry for interrupting you.
I’ll be short.
There’s a war in my county now. Big war.
Russia started this war.
I know, now it sounds just like a usual spam, but no. I’m here and my country, my city, my home isn’t safe now… There are explosions, people in shelters, tanks and rockets.

I know that I don’t have a big audience, I’m not a blogger, I’m not a celebrity, I’m not a politician, I’m not… but I’m a person who live here. And I’m trying to help just informing all people about these illegal actions.

I know and I’m sure that you’re brand with a strong mind. And strong brand can’t stand away and don’t say it’ position. I know your audience. It’s so diverse, from many countries.
And I ask you for the help. If you can share information to your followers about our situation and support Ukrainians I’ll be so thankful!!!

We can’t just watch how our nation’s dying 

Some reliable resources which you can read:
• https://
www.facebook.com
/usdos.ukraine

• https://
www.google.com/
amp/s/
www.bbc.com/
news/
world-europe-605
03037.amp

• https://
www.nytimes.com/
news-event/
ukraine-russia

Believe in your big heart New Pepsi is undrinkable, brand killer Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesHow can I kick my idea through to Pepsi can someone help me! I got this idea including football for Pepsi and it's going to be a blast, it's fun really!Pepsi, Is this true?

I read a recent article saying that the Soda Stream company now owned by Pepsi has committed to reducing 67 billion plastic bottles of soda stream water
over the next 5 years i.e by 2025 and will also switch all of its flavoured drinks from single-use plastic bottles to metal bottles over the same period?

Will Pepsi also be making the same commitment to all of its soda drinks?PLEASE SIGN & SHARE! 
#JusticeForDelai
naMarieMiller
https://
chng.it/
wbx7RB6kybhttps://
fb.watch/
nJLUthrJxf/
?mibextid=ZbWKwLTastes disgusting now Iman Gunadi SENo o e loves it , it tastes like sh!t.Hi, shall we #import your #beer and #export #easy open ends,Do you like Pepsi?JOSIE PEPSINiceHi midnight blue i love Pepsi even beforeGET OUT OF RUSSIA #standwithukrain
e  you are on the wrong side of the conflict the sane world stands against you. If you don't do the right thing you will lose much more money longer term.Good day.

Hope that you are very much fine with the end of your health and have fine business.
We would like to introduce our Company "FASTER SPORTS" as being a professional company special in exporting &
producing all kinds of SURIGAL,

,Soccer Balls such as match balls, club balls, training balls, rugby balls, hand balls, volley balls,
leather balls with all sorts of promotional balls and Sports Wear Goods such as soccer uniforms, t-shirts, polo shirts,
hooded shirts, track suits, training vests, boxing gloves, promotional caps, bags an all sorts of Sports Wear.
we are deal to promotions items with customer company logo and name with beautiful design ,
With best producing facilities, strict testing of each product, with skilled workers and professional management staff
ensure all of our items are produced according to the international laws with high quality and fair prices with paramount delivery and payment terms.
Please do contact with us for any further enquiry.
Our team always at your disposal and you will find us enhanced business partner with long terms relations.
We look forward to hear from you soon for any query or trial order.
Thanks for your time and interest in our introductory ,

Best Regard
Muhammad Boota
00923246190355
www.faster-spor
ts.com
fastersports201
4@gmail.comHi guys... check mu attwork at displate! https://
displate.com/
displate/
2887685?art=5cf3
8741d1bb5Get out of Russia now or we will boycott you!IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott terrorist
save humanitywww.facebook.co
m/retroolife/
Its here old Pepsi advertisinghttps://
nazk.gov.ua/uk/
novyny/
ty-ne-ty-koly-pr
odovzhuyesh-pra
tsyuvaty-v-rf-n
azk-vneslo-peps
ico-ta-mars-do-
pereliku-mizhna
rodnyh-sponsori
v-vijny/Yuri Ukmarhttps://
vt.tiktok.com/
ZSLL8dNXg/https://
vt.tiktok.com/
ZSLL8dNXg/https://
vt.tiktok.com/
ZSLL8dNXg/Wow refreshingNi Ni PhoenixValentina De Paulamicdrop!!WelcomeBFollow me allniceCheck my page to vote between Messi and Ronaldo but am thinking that Ronaldo have more fans than Messi so come to my page vote for MessiGoodhttps://
www.independent.
co.uk/news/
world/americas/
pepsi-wheres-my-
jet-lawsuit-net
flix-b2228232.h
tml?ampHow I got my lover back 
Is also to use this opportunity to appreciate Dr BASSY for his great work done for me by getting back my ex-lover to me and I'll also thank him for the help he render to me such as sending me a medication for my herpes cure .
So follow him on his page for help any problems you are today 
https://
www.facebook.com
/
Dr-BASSY-1027652
58660447/Let the success story of others attract you to your success. I have always had an interest in Bitcoin trading so I can invest for myself and my family, but I was scared of losing until I got convinced by seeing a lot of people giving testimonies about Mrs. Barbara snyder an expert Bitcoin trader. and then I decided to finally give it a trial, so far so good, I have made $15,500 in just a couple of weeks I started trading. Don't waste more info please contact her via
email: barbarasnyder21
21@gmail.com
WhatsApp:+1 (314) 400-8289I am glad to share with you my success story today, when I started trading binary and forex few months ago, I really don't have the necessary tools to trade and I lost a lot until I met Mrs. Ami Brenda who thought me all about the market psychology as She managed my account for me. Today I am grateful to her for her great offer and help because it really changed my financial situation with an investment capital of $500 and am making $6000 profits per week right now. If you need her help, contact her via
Email: brendaami071@gm
ail.com
WhatsApp:+12135
450862Are you stuck with trying to Bring Back Lost Lovers. Sickness and health problems. Stop A Cheating partner. Have Babies Spell. Fix Financial Problems. Fix Court Cases. Customer Attraction. Bad luck removal. Enhance love and attraction. Mr Logogo is a unique herbalist /
Spiritual healer, who is a renowned helper of men who has helped so many people online For more information: Drlogogo5@gmail.c
om a trial will convince you don’t lose hope Contact Dr Logogo now and be happy forever.and good luckhttps://
youtu.be/
1GMuNqzcaU4I have a Pepsi liter bottle with a crate for sale. Is anyone interested? It's worth collecting. Rare item. If interested, talk tohttps://
youtu.be/
BEm2nV1auWQMessiLiveLink#manchester_city
_vs_chelsea_tv_
online#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_Wasallam#savepalestine
#savethemuslims
#StopTerrorismAg
ainstMuslims
#AlAqsa
#StopConspiracyA
gainstIslam
#stopIsraeliTerr
orism
#GazaUnderAttack
#AlAqsaUnderAtta
ck
#WestandwithPale
stine
#PalestineWillBe
Free
#FreePalestine
#La_ilaha_illall
ahu_muhammadur_
rasulullah
#We_are_follower
_of_Our_Prophet
_Hazrat_Muhamma
d_Sallallahu_Al
aihi_WasallamgoodgoodnicemangoodМартина ТрајковаCourtney Holland Keaton Thompson bepisASAPI am sending you 1π! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://
minepi.com/
ZEVS78 and use my username (ZEVS78) as your invitation code.https://
youtu.be/
aKotega7uEoPepsihttps://
youtu.be/
5l3k8wfrC0YChttps://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=zSkBgIu2
nNkhttps://
www.facebook.com
/bdrutimaker/https://
youtu.be/
Y2HxEjtVgHIhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
112999470267310/
posts/
165766411657282/Check please
https://
www.fiverr.com/
share/aeK80gWind Sounds for Sleeping
Right-click and press on Loop to Relax longer.

Real Mountain Pass Wind Sounds for Deep Sleep Relaxation and Meditation |Howling Wind Ambience
subscribers: https://
www.youtube.com/
channel/
UCd-lPJLtJpnwuZq
3R4VfXBg?view_a
s=subscriber
#windsoundsforsl
eeping
#MindRelaxation
##8hoursofchristm
asmusicwithfire
place
#Naturesoundsbir
ds #Mind
#Natureriversoun
d #beach #sleep_music
#Oceansoundsbeac
hsounds #beach #sleep
#relaxingrainsou
ndsforsleeping1
hour #Mindhttps://
www.facebook.com
/use.rashed/
posts/
145254723789732https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=5585248150
52277&substory_
index=0&id=1000
26842913334 Allow to offer for PEPSI
https://
bendvis.com/en/
trading-equipmen
t-for-the-store
-g19307369Inno Hummel LaoPepsi Please Export Montain Dew in italy :(PepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.Do hope to see progress on the reduction of plastics this yearThanks PepsiCo! You show you care; awesome! Kudos for just having announced that Pepsi Co will STOP sourcing — both directly and indirectly — from Conflict Palm Oil producer Indofood.<iframe src="https://
www.facebook.com
/plugins/
video.php?href=h
ttps%3A%2F%2Fww
w.facebook.com%
2Fgreenpeaceuk%
2Fvideos%2F1015
4717864849229%2
F&show_text=0&w
idth=476" width="476" height="476" style="border:n
one;overflow:hi
dden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"
allowTransparen
cy="true" allowFullScreen
="true"></
iframe>When is Pepsi next coming to Denmark??????Erm..... So, some of your products aren't veggie!!!!! It's a ruddy soft drink for crying out loud.....fish gelatine!!!! What the heck... Glad I've been knocking back the Pepsi Max version!!! You may be aware that there is another large petition going round to pressure Pepsi on your use of unsustainable palm oil in the food products owned by the Pepsi corporation. This time it is your supplier, Indofood, that is involved in illegal logging and deforestation in Indonesia, including areas inhabited by the last remaining orangutans, as well as gross exploitation of the workers involved. It is time for Pepsi to show your intentions by cutting your partnership with Indofoods - that is, if you care about the environment, and about human rights, as you say you do. In the meantime, I will not be eating or drinking any Pepsi products, and I will be encouraging my friends and family to do the same. It’s a shame, as I love the ginger-flavoure
d Pepsi, but I’d rather have a world with orangutans in it than the occasional pleasure of a bottle of fizzy pop.Sexyness of a product attract good marketing income with unfailing success #so choose from my opinion is a great option and sign Jesse lingard tooAny Pepsi adverts in Africa too and you need peopleGood day
October month is almost on our doorstep and it is important that we become more aware of CANCER, not only You and I but, also the new Generation and everybody around us.
It is so sad that Death is drawing families together and when it is too late.

What we would like to do is to CELEBRATE LIFE this month and spend time with our Loved ones, getting together on the 20th of October with a FESTIVAL, filled with fun and laughter and Celebrate the memories that we kept of the ones we lost.
The Festival will be filled with music and a parade down the Main road from 09h00 the morning till about 14h00.

We need YOU to help us to make this happen, please.
Help us to educate the New Generation and show them what it should be like to Celebrate Life.

Your Funds can make a difference!!!!!
hope to hear from you soon
kind regardsYour commitment is good, but plastic pollution will not resolve. Recycling is part of the solution to the plastic crisis, but not its essence. The key to solving is to reduce the production of disposable plastics and completely change the business model.https://
secure.ap-tescoa
ssets.com/
assets/TH/139/
8858998581139/
ShotType1_328x32
8.jpgStill attending your conference in RKSA? Sponsoring state terrorism?Boiling at 20degree, pepsi gives winter hot.Will Not be purchasing your products until you show some responsibility towards our planet. Stop destroying Rain forests.I WANT TI DO ADVERT FOR PEPSI. I love pepsican someone please inform our consumers ins South Africa why we not getting any stock I tried stocking the store for 3 weeks but no stock???Pepsi you are failing as a company! Know how to do business and you will be able to compete.Hi I have an idea use some product instead sugar if you preferI like Messi than RonaldLevel Pro-FT this call Pepsidear brother i am 23 years of age and bcom bcom education living in sharjah my mother is disabled i need job for her damaged artificial leg replacement i am hardworker and kindly give me job mobile 0567289651Good for the body and it makes your bone strongerl love itHello Dear. Please help us in a difficult situation. My name is Vladislav, I live in Kyrgyzstan. My mom had an operation on the brain. Now she is in a private clinic in the city of Bishkek. We run out of money for further treatment which needs to continue for another two months. For one day of being in the clinic and treatment, we pay about $ 200. We only had money for one week. Treatment can not be stopped because my mother has not yet fully regained consciousness. It is necessary to clean the breathing tube every hour and give moistened oxygen through special apparatuses. Please help us anyway. Or lend us for a while the money that I will return to you after a certain time under the contract. Sincerely, Vladislav phone number +996555003326 email vladislav.kus@m
ail.ruWe dearly invite you to the Luo Cultural Gala Season one that is scheduled for September 9th 2018 at the Kitante Primary School Play grounds starting 9am to 9pm.

Children below 13yrs will enter free while adults 15yrs and above will pay a fee of 10k.

Come experience this cultural diversity and discover lots of secrets about Luos that you never knew.The food,the dances,the meaning of those commonly used words,the people themselves and lots of fun for both children and adults.

Note: For those interested in stalls pliz contact 0773372391/
0787616445/
0787203051 *Only* no third party is involved
Catch u then.

Management.https://
play.google.com/
store/apps/
details?id=gps_r
oute_finder_nea
rby_video.navig
ation.direction

Best GPS Routing app
You can find everything on Maps

Download and test it,you will find it best of all

Please review it and give your kind suggestions
Find:
Places
Videos
Live Web Cam
History
Encyclopedia
Temperature etc TARPAULIN ONLINE 
Your end-to-end solution in Digital Printing. Mura. Mabilis. Maganda.
 Billboard
 Tarpaulin Printing
 Signage
 Roll-up Banner
 X-Stand
 (02) 636-5818
 Smart : 0999-660-0457
 Globe : 0997-603-8152
#tarpaulinprinti
ng #tarpaulinservic
es #tarpaulin #printing #quezoncity #xstand #billboard #rollupI prepare for the lionel messi toohttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report/
?akid=41299.7655
931.QYwQ9H&rd=1
&source=fwd&t=1
5Do you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Lionel Messi my bestJoin the Illuminati brotherhood today and get money power and fame, we are opening our doors to the masses.you can contact us on Whattsapp +13233642194 you to be a member of the great Illuminati brother hood........Ninee KiiksonSALES CONSULTANT
TEAM LEADERS &
TEAM MANAGERS

Eligibility Criteria:
- Education: Inter To Masters
- Working Type: Part Time and Full Time
- Location: Karachi Lahore Faisalabad Sahiwal Gujranwala Multan Islamabad quetta okara Rawalpindi
- Candidates Must Have Good Communication Skills
- Income Market Comparative Plus Other Benefits And Fast Growing Career
 Best opportunity to Secure your Future Life Time
 For more information InboxLive it love itMy cr7Messi is the besthttps://
www.breakfreefro
mplastic.org/
2018/10/09/
globalbrandaudit
report/https://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELMarcelo!!!!!!! #HalaMadridddddd
ddCan i post pictures on hereLove itCan we avail softdrinks despenser?You like pepsi what about coca cola?How do I send you a messageRainforests???Where is #Victor_Moses_?#ChelseaWhat of Nigerian painting???
#NaijaAllTheWayI found old pepsi from 1991.07Khemis IsmaelNice videoI want Pepsi green03312649612 calUPepsi pay me my moneyFREE SPONSORSHIP

If you are here and you are talented in the area of singing, dancing,comedy,
modelling, football, writing [e.g writing of articles, newspaper, journals, novels, poems, jokes etc], drawing/
painting and acting/
shooting of movie kindly call:0806210570
6 for a free sponsorship now (please make sure you introduce your friends to this wonderful offer). Click, visit and like: www.facebook.co
m/bacclub or type: Brilliant Achievers Youth Foundation on your Facebook search-box or you can add: 08062105706 on whatsapp now to join our whatsapp group for more information.
NOTE: if you are an upcoming artiste/
musician you will get one year free sponsorship and promotion on your musical album. Secondly there is free computer training for youths and free skill acquisition package/
programme for youths such as: cake baking, soap/detergent production, decoration making, bead making etc.

Powered by: BRILLIANT ACHIEVERS YOUTH FOUNDATION.WowIs there Pepsi award in New York in 2018?i have submit a complaintPepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.helloHello PepSi I personally love Pepsi and I want to be the biggest promoter in my country Cameroon HelloPepsi Classic Font Thai T-Shirt Sornhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
1440091142884642
/posts/
2606939752866436
/https://
www.facebook.com
/DailyCaller/
videos/
619072028554806/
UzpfSTQwNzI3OTkw
OTQyMTEyODoxMzM
zNzc0MTMzNDM4Mz
Yz/We dearly invite you to the Luo Cultural Gala Season one that is scheduled for September 9th 2018 at the Kitante Primary School Play grounds starting 9am to 9pm.

Children below 13yrs will enter free while adults 15yrs and above will pay a fee of 10k.

Come experience this cultural diversity and discover lots of secrets about Luos that you never knew.The food,the dances,the meaning of those commonly used words,the people themselves and lots of fun for both children and adults.

Note: For those interested in stalls pliz contact 0773372391/
0787616445/
0787203051 *Only* no third party is involved
Catch u then.

Management.https://
www.facebook.com
/
kenttpurewater/https://
youtu.be/
zZAul8-sUIYGood for the body and it makes your bone strongerl love itHenry Mooney Jarrod Goodsall Beautiful.Hello!!! Do you want to be a member of the great Illuminati and start
receiving 2,000,000,00USD
monthly and be popular among others and have
riches and fame,,this is the only chance of being of the Illuminati..I was
sent by the Freemason high chief in United States of America. to bring 52 members into the Illuminati,I
have gotten 32,so we looking for 20,,so try and be among the twenty people
to be rich and famous??
If you are interested whatsapp (+1- 386-259-1874)Festa del comune - Antonio Marzano ....WowJoakim TorpHamza FaisalDominic SpeightNice onehttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1623473497
778073&id=55655
2197803547https://
www.facebook.com
/
alex.shirleysmit
h/posts/
1016024663005540
2cool cokelove it live itnicehttps://
www.facebook.com
/saviour.lee.5/
videos/
446734442422646/
?t=20Nathan Ellitts Tyler Ellittswow thank Pepsi for your good product, am a acting comedian, I will love to join in advertising your wonderful products too, if you will like to grant me such access please let me on by call this number 08149336233https://
www.facebook.com
/
JDC.organization
/videos/
2205799736113490
/
UzpfSTM4ODU1MjEw
NTAxNToxMDE1Njg
yNjczNzcyMDAxNg
/Pepsi - Life is good :PVery strongintersting oneSome discount on https://
www.iherb.com/c/
iherb-brands?rco
de=GIV1533https://
www.facebook.com
/suelin.lord/
posts/
1015621514180593
0https://
www.instagram.co
m/p/
B0_Vu9vhzrY/
?igshid=q8md0ton
765yThe Divisional Director Of Remittance
Lloyds Bank Plc United States Of America (Lbkusa)
Global Headquarters Lloyds Bank,
1095 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036, United States
E-Mail:
LLoydslbnk@gmai
l.com

Contact Person: Mr.George Culmer
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer Lloyds Bank USA.
Phone: +1 (281) 872 6464
Fax : +1 (972) 581 0592

TRANSFER PROCEEDINGS OF $850,000.00 UNITED STATES DOLLARS.

We acknowledge the receipt of your letter of claims as was sent in to this department by you. We also wish to inform you that your file has been approved for payment and this department is willing to do all necessary to ensure that you are paid your full and due entitlement.

To this effect, we require urgently certain documents which you must provide in order to make your claim totally legal, according to the relevant status.

1. A Proof Of Your Identity [Scanned Copy Of Your Driver's License Or International Passport]

2. Proof Of Winning [The Certificate Of Award Issued To You By Pepsi Drink & Bottling Company]

3. An Affidavit Of Claims Authorization Certificate From The Supreme Court of the United States

As soon as we receive the complete transfer requirements mentioned above, the management board of Lloyds bank plc will complete all claim processes and remit the total sum of $850,000.00 usd [Eight Hundred and Fifty Thousand United States Dollars] in your credit [Lbnk-temp/acc 73065461] to you through your appointed means.

Note: these requirements must be returned to us as soon as possible to avoid paying extra charges that may be associated with late claims.

You are advised to contact your clearance officer (Mr.
Richard Evans
of Pepsi Drink & Bottling Company USA) (pdpwp@hotmail.
com) for guidelines and clarifications.

Yours Faithfully,
Mr.George Culmer
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer Lloyds Bank USA..
Phone:
+1 (281) 872 6464

E-mail:
LLoydslbnk@gmai
l.com

1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036, United States
===============
===============
===============
===============
============

This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message to the sender by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer.

Internet e-mails are not necessarily secure, the Lloyds Bank Plc does not accept any responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent.

While all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, opening or use of this message and any attachments will not adversely affect its systems or data. No responsibility is accepted by the Lloyds Bank Plc in this regard and the recipient should carry out such virus and other checks as it considers appropriate.
===============
===============
===============
===============
============
Copyright @ 2018 The Lloyds Bank Plc United State Of Americahttps://
www.kickstarter.
com/projects/
beercooling/
cooling-mixture-
for-beers-in-al
uminum-canStill Ronaldo is better than Messihttp://
thinkorganiclife
.com/
these-chips-are-
poisonous-to-hu
mans-linked-to-
hormone-disrupt
ion-and-kidney-
failure/https://
www.facebook.com
/greenpeaceuk/
videos/
1015471786484922
9/You changed the recipe here in England....it's
now vile! You still charge like it has the stupid sugar tax but you have clearly removed sugar from it or added that ecoli poop (aspartame/
sacarrin forget which one...ones ecoli poop, other is chemical waste).
Lost me as a customer, not that you care.When are you gonna throw this ugly garden dwarf? I had to switch to Coca-Cola so I wouldn't have to look at the ugly face anymore...I’ve gained a lot of freedom through binary options trading, including financial freedom, as well as the freedom (and confidence) I needed to enact some very positive changes in my life. My family and I make good use of our additional opportunities and are taking a trip to Asia for vacation this year! That’s something we never would have been able to do before I discovered binary options trading
It has really made a remarkable changes in my life and i have gotten a lot of profits i employ you today to invest and be happy just like me today sharing my experience with you.
Contact Binary Option Trader via:
Facebook: Grant Rowland Sommerfeld
WhatsApp: +17472073237
Email: sommerfeldgrant
@gmail.com.;;Everyone, Hong Kong police forced Hong Kong residents to kneel down to them before they go home yesterday
But Pepsi write the word “support Hong Kong Police” on colaPepsi support Hong Kong Police to suppress people freedom

https://
m.facebook.com/
story/
graphql_permalin
k/
?graphql_id=Uzpf
STU4NzU2MzY4MTp
WSzoyNDkzNTEzOT
I3NTI3NDI4Looking for wholesale price in stoke on Trent . Head over to us . Cheers.I have a complain

Every shopkeeper in karachi is selling pepsi at higher price than standard

Where should we complainHi Are you looking for a LOGO Designer. Don't worry!. I am a Professional Graphic Designer with 4 years of Experience in Graphic Design.I have Completed so many Logo design Projects. I can design your logo with low Cost ,Unlimited Rivision . Contract Me: https://bit.ly/
2X0GcD5pepsi is deceiving people ( regular cola have sweetener) I hate sweetener!I’m following everyone or leave it 

you guys own the Mug Rootbeer?It's awful and sad what you made with the New Pepsi. Still looks the same but taste so much worse. Until now I only bought Pepsi products but I will change to Coca-Cola. I think many of us thinks the same, I'm furious about this change.Pepsi...My special drenk Pepsi is now disgusting changing the ingredients was the worst thing u have done removing caramel to add caffeine and sweetners christ that's why u have diet Pepsi n that . Just watch as your sales plummet New recipe of original Pepsi is disgusting New pepsi tastes like crap! Sweetners do not make it taste the same. It tastes tangy!!Changed recipe of original Pepsi. Coca Cola, here I comeThere's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productYou should change this to Love It. Kill It. If you really want to represent PepsiMy best soda
















 I love Pepsi

















































#Pepsi.LegendaryNice art)))Boicott PEPSI & Mc Donalds!!! THEY ARE STILL DEALING WITH Russia!!!!I need more information about Pepsi coPepsi needs mafia salman khan for your ad?I got a multipack of Diet Pepsi and I have 1 sealed can that only has a very small amount of Pepsi in the bottom? Anyone else ever had this??If it's true that you're dicontinuing Diet Pepsi and only producing Pepsi Max, then I will no longer be Living or Loving It, as I do not like the too sweet taste of Pepsi Max, let alone Pepsi, as I much prefer the refreshing taste of Diet Pepsi any day and as many wholesalers are dicontinuing supplying Diet Pepsi to cafes, specially one that I frequent, I had decided to buy it myself and take it in, but the cafe, has managed to buy a small supply from somewhere else, just for me, but they're unsure, how long they will be able to do this.











=You drink a can you kill a baby in gaza
#BoycottCocaColahttps://
www.change.org/
p/
change-the-pepsi
-formula-back-t
o-how-it-was?re
cruiter=false&u
tm_source=share
_petition&utm_m
edium=facebook&
utm_campaign=ps
f_combo_share_i
nitial&utm_term
=share_for_star
ters_page&recru
ited_by_id=de01
e3a0-cdd4-11ed-
8686-adf99073b4
1d&share_bandit
_exp=initial-35
844895-en-GB&ut
m_content=fht-3
5844895-en-gb%3
A0Love ItWill you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... Please please don’t attend the Saudi Arabian conference. The people in power in Saudi have murdered in cold blood. Please don’t do business with them.https://
fb.watch/
nJLUthrJxf/
?mibextid=ZbWKwLHalf the sugar??? Come on! You just lost me and many customers. Submitting to the joyless health trends. I'll grab a coke next time. BRING BACK FULL SUGAR!Goodbye pepsi...coca cola rules...sweeten
ers crap..new taste your graveWhy do you need a guy like Messi, to promote? A rich guy, who just loves Saudi Arabian mentality, beheading people, treating working people like slaves.
Why?Pepsi, Is this true?

I read a recent article saying that the Soda Stream company now owned by Pepsi has committed to reducing 67 billion plastic bottles of soda stream water
over the next 5 years i.e by 2025 and will also switch all of its flavoured drinks from single-use plastic bottles to metal bottles over the same period?

Will Pepsi also be making the same commitment to all of its soda drinks?Johnny deserves the jetfuture ambassadorAny body help about job I need job in pepsi companyhttps://
nazk.gov.ua/uk/
novyny/
ty-ne-ty-koly-pr
odovzhuyesh-pra
tsyuvaty-v-rf-n
azk-vneslo-peps
ico-ta-mars-do-
pereliku-mizhna
rodnyh-sponsori
v-vijny/Yuri UkmarGood I will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332Check my page to vote between Messi and Ronaldo but am thinking that Ronaldo have more fans than Messi so come to my page vote for Messimessi and pepsiI am glad to share with you my success story today, when I started trading binary and forex few months ago, I really don't have the necessary tools to trade and I lost a lot until I met Mrs. Ami Brenda who thought me all about the market psychology as She managed my account for me. Today I am grateful to her for her great offer and help because it really changed my financial situation with an investment capital of $500 and am making $6000 profits per week right now. If you need her help, contact her via
Email: brendaami071@gm
ail.com
WhatsApp:+12135
450862nicehttps://
youtu.be/
BEm2nV1auWQAlvin Agarpao
Joder Trading
901-4361

Dear Sir/ Madame,

Good Day!

We would like to take this opportunity to introduce our company. We are JODER TRADING, a private company owned by Mr. Joseph Del Rosario based in Makati City, Philippines. We provide different Personal Protective Equipment (PPE's) like Safety Shoes,Coveralls
, and etc. Raw materials for garments and special fabrics like Fire Retardant fabrics and materials. We import products directly from different countries, such as USA,KOREA,CHINA
and AUSTRALIA. We can provide certificates for the products mentioned above.We also make Corporate Uniforms like pants and jacket.

In Line with this we want to ask an appointment in your most convenient time. We will be glad as well to proved the necessary documents needed for our accreditation purposes.

In this regard, Please feel free to give us a call at (02) 7901-4361 or (+63) 977-847-1994 or send me an email.

Thank you very much and I hope to receive your favorable response soon.

Thanks and Best Regards,

Alvin Agarpao
Joder Trading
7901-4361Hello everyone! This comment is not related with you guys but please spread this to everyone around you and through out the world.PepsiRampackyGaza ThiagoSwagI LUV U ALLhttps://
www.facebook.com
/bdrutimaker/https://
youtu.be/
Y2HxEjtVgHIhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
112999470267310/
posts/
165766411657282/Hello Good Day .. Please My Name Is DJ SLOWMIZ From Ikorodu Lagos Nigeria.. I Will Love To Work With Your Company As a DJ..

Tell/ WhatsApp.... +2348028436820.
Email.. djslowmiz@gmail
.com..
Instagram..@Djs
lowmiz.
Facebook Page.. Dj SlowmizHello Everyone,
I'm Isabella Amelia from London (Arsenal)
I'm pleased to make a comment here concerning cryptocurrency and binary option trading most especially the famous(BITCOIN)
I'm a professional trader and bitcoin miner for about 6years now ,and I'm able to make 1000% successful profit return of bitcoin investment placed by my client's in 7working days...
for interested investors you can DM me for more info!Subscribe and win free iPhone

https://
spirituality-awa
kening.com/* HIRE Personal Advertising Agents, Or "Ad-Walkmen" To Wear Pepsi Shirts And Advertise Your Brand, Around Town! .. "Wherever We Go, You Go!" PepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.

It’s appalling that PepsiCo is so focused on branding Bubly as a hip drink while workers continue to be exploited and rainforests are bulldozed for the palm oil used in its snack foods. You and I know it’s not hip to use Conflict Palm Oil.Love Pepsi Max, but the reality is based on my extensive experience (2-3 a day since it was first bought out), the use by date advertised is too long as the drink goes off well before then. I am sick of throwing out cartons that are off when expiry date is months in the future. I am in Noosa, taste this difference for yourself as I have the cans here but people should be aware of this.Pepsi is my number one drink but i learn that you guys had too much preservative and too much colorant unlike the one in europe and america this is inhuman i hope you guys does not loses sales in nigeriahi Pepsi me and my friend did a shoot for you....pls message me for the sample advertpity there is no stock for pepsi sugar free for more than a month,what about diabeeth here in the philippines?we not even get a reeplay on our questions on your websiten,SHAMEPepsi will attend the meting of the Saudies next week.......Pepsi am so pissed with your by promotion which is fake... Where is my so called instant airtime "...
Please treat this as urgent
Am so pissedpepsi,why like this?,your product have a peice of cellophane inside the bottleI LIKE PEPSIIt' an your Email address???
"Pepsidraw1@hot
mail.com"Indian love drinking pepsi hahahaha with many wives How dare you to use Michael Jackson in yours TV advert? You ruined he's life, disquieting,,,,There's a lot of complain in your product..then u didnt listen..oh my god!i have also found that there is somthing wrong on your item.. and i have here the proof of evedince..if u did not listen this time i will go directly to BFAD..and let see what happen..Sorry at which time it is a ticket drawinghi i just want to ask if michael jackson limited edition can will be available im from philippines thanks ^_^l am from huawei, l want to have a cooperation with pepsi. could you help to introduce the marketing team member to me?bt am told de chemicals you use are dangerous to human healthHi Pepsi is there any Pepsi international award in 2018 at USA New York. Because i got a message as I'm the winner. Please respond meHi pepsi I'm George Okoronkwo also a customer since2018 I have been in this business nothing had been given to me not even a chiller I wrote many applications nothing had been done for me George Okoronkwo from Enugu state NigeriaHi Pepsi,

I found a critical vulnerability of your Main Website (www.pepsico.com). This vulnerability is abused for several purposes:

Malware distribution
Phishing / Spear phishing
XSS
Authentication bypass & etc.

To whom I inform about this vulnerability?

Best regards
Dhanaranjana WeerasingheHi Dear Pepsi team. we have an idea about how your pepsi bottles can become more Environmentally
compatible , and how to reduce environmental pollution following the rapture of plasttic components . We're sure you'll find this idea interesting, And it will surely improve pepsi products. ThanksDear Sirs,

Good day.

Hope that you are very much fine with the end of your health and have fine business.
We would like to introduce our Company "FASTER SPORTS" as being a professional company special in exporting &
producing all kinds of Soccer Balls such as match balls, club balls, training balls, rugby balls, hand balls, volley balls,
leather balls with all sorts of promotional balls and Sports Wear Goods such as soccer uniforms, t-shirts, polo shirts,
hooded shirts, track suits, training vests, boxing gloves, promotional caps, bags an all sorts of Sports Wear.
With best producing facilities, strict testing of each product, with skilled workers and professional management staff
ensure all of our items are produced according to the international laws with high quality and fair prices with paramount delivery and payment terms.
Please do contact with us for any further enquiry.
Our team always at your disposal and you will find us enhanced business partner with long terms relations.
We look forward to hear from you soon for any query or trial order.
Thanks for your time and interest in our introductory e-mail.
Best Regards,
Muhammad Boota
Managing Director
fastersports200
2@gmail.com
fastersports201
4@gmail.com
info@faster-spo
rts.com

Fax:PHone,+92-5
2-6440356
cell +92-324-6190355
+92-307-6403855
...hae ,am Richard from Kenya and I was asking if pepsi will sponsor me for my piloting career..please !!
email.ongiriric
hard2018@gmail.
com
cell:+254746002
166.Hi Am sadaf frm pakistan. an our NGO is working poor peoples working ladies & health issues .we are all working ladies and wants some resorses for a running work.ur little help will makes the brighten future their childs...plz plz coprate & donate me in my ngo and make there life easy .if u can give us project it will b much .we hv all the working comunity ........ fi9.shehnaz@gma
il. Com..its my email....am waiting ur reply.... regardsI hate Pepsi there have spoiled there product I drank Pepsi this morning I discover some bad articles in it I mean in said the Pepsi my stomach start touring me am now going to sew Pepsi company to curt of law bad people willing to kill meJoin the Illuminati brotherhood today and get money power and fame, we are opening our doors to the masses.you can contact us on Whattsapp +13233642194 you to be a member of the great Illuminati brother hood........I Just Got A Message Now From Pepsi,reads Like This :your R900 000 Reward Is Still Pending,call Us To Claim Your Reward.I Do'nt Beleave If Its True.Do you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,https://
www.breakfreefro
mplastic.org/
2018/10/09/
globalbrandaudit
report/U r n't cerious guys y du u lie to ur customers am wth pepsi bottle ryte nw n't seeing anythng wsupVery cool I Just Got A Message Now,it Reads Like This :your R900 000 Is Still Pending~please Call U To Claim Your Reward..I Can't Beleave If Its True.I want to get Pepsi in a wholesale,how do i get that?Addy LoveAddy Love,#ChelseaHow Are You?My Pepsi.My Name Is Aschalew Netere.My Adres;ethiopia In Oromia Region;my Mo.No.Is 0960408242.Plea
se Cal Me My Pepsi.#pepsiPepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.MessiNice pepsihttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=rN5bFVNH
7Tw WHY NOT F1?Please it is since 2008rock - opera!!! forever!!!ABAYNESH PEPSII like pepsi03312649612calwow coolPepsi pay me my moneyJafar TohidiGoodhttps://
www.ecowatch.com
/
nestle-pepsi-fin
ed-for-conceali
ng-gmos-as-camp
bell-soup-annou
nces-volu-18821
46296.htmlhow can I be agent of your products?www.pepsi.huhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QJkI3Eja
aQE&t=73sWowhttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELi love you pepsi very very good good goodhttps://
www.facebook.com
/DailyCaller/
videos/
619072028554806/
UzpfSTQwNzI3OTkw
OTQyMTEyODoxMzM
zNzc0MTMzNDM4Mz
Yz/Hello!!! Do you want to be a member of the great Illuminati and start
receiving 2,000,000,00USD
monthly and be popular among others and have
riches and fame,,this is the only chance of being of the Illuminati..I was
sent by the Freemason high chief in United States of America. to bring 52 members into the Illuminati,I
have gotten 32,so we looking for 20,,so try and be among the twenty people
to be rich and famous??
If you are interested whatsapp (+1- 386-259-1874)Hi pepsi,i have a page for pepsi lovers. Aspiring young pepsi ambassadorsJoakim Torphttps://
www.facebook.com
/
alex.shirleysmit
h/posts/
1016024663005540
2Pepsi pepsiWe have been exprencing conflict for many yrs,i thought i would win quite prize with twangula but no i have get ,i have bought 10 pepsi mix with dew from there i get diffrent prize like airtime,but it,s written try ,i wanted to knowCheck this out, i celebrate feeling good about my self by drinking a Pepsi. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=W2OmFkpI
MIo check it out.Ihttps://
www.instagram.co
m/p/
B0_Vu9vhzrY/
?igshid=q8md0ton
765yhttp://
thinkorganiclife
.com/
these-chips-are-
poisonous-to-hu
mans-linked-to-
hormone-disrupt
ion-and-kidney-
failure/https://
www.facebook.com
/OfficalPage00/

Like this pageWhen are you gonna throw this ugly garden dwarf? I had to switch to Coca-Cola so I wouldn't have to look at the ugly face anymore...Looking for wholesale price in stoke on Trent . Head over to us . Cheers.Hi Are you looking for a LOGO Designer. Don't worry!. I am a Professional Graphic Designer with 4 years of Experience in Graphic Design.I have Completed so many Logo design Projects. I can design your logo with low Cost ,Unlimited Rivision . Contract Me: https://bit.ly/
2X0GcD5I thought I had bought Diet Pepsi by mistake, then when the next bottle also tasted disgusting, I discovered on good old Google that Pepsi has decided to change its recipe by stealth, cutting out 57% of the natural sugar and replacing it with artificial sweeteners that are even worse for us. It tastes vile, and the fact that there isn't even a warning on the bottle really is deceitful. Pepsi regular was the perfect drink, but it's absolutely disgusting now. Why didn't you leave it alone and allow the customers to choose whether they want natural sugar or dangerous chemicals masquerading as 'healthier option' sweeteners? Like others have said, I hope your sales plummet, and I'm praying that Coca Cola doesn't go down the same route, as that's what I'll be buying from now onI love the product of Pepsi name merinda, but I feel disappointed when I bought one had dirt inside the product. I keep the item so I can present it to FDA. Also the Mountain dew, i bought 1pack of 12's for my store when suddenly the one bottle is empty. OMG! I also kept the sealed bottle for reference purposes.What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... goodThere's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola product#pepsi was my favourite but now as we watch in horror as Putin wages war on Ukraine and over a million innocent people try to flee under fire we choose #NoToWar #NotoPepsiHello!
Sorry for interrupting you.
I’ll be short.
There’s a war in my county now. Big war.
Russia started this war.
I know, now it sounds just like a usual spam, but no. I’m here and my country, my city, my home isn’t safe now… There are explosions, people in shelters, tanks and rockets.

I know that I don’t have a big audience, I’m not a blogger, I’m not a celebrity, I’m not a politician, I’m not… but I’m a person who live here. And I’m trying to help just informing all people about these illegal actions.

I know and I’m sure that you’re brand with a strong mind. And strong brand can’t stand away and don’t say it’ position. I know your audience. It’s so diverse, from many countries.
And I ask you for the help. If you can share information to your followers about our situation and support Ukrainians I’ll be so thankful!!!

We can’t just watch how our nation’s dying 

Some reliable resources which you can read:
• https://
www.facebook.com
/usdos.ukraine

• https://
www.google.com/
amp/s/
www.bbc.com/
news/
world-europe-605
03037.amp

• https://
www.nytimes.com/
news-event/
ukraine-russia

Believe in your big heart I'm a vendor of pesi products and I have really struggled to get refrigerator from the company but my attempts have not been successful. Now how can I acquire them?I went to Morrison to buy large bottle of Pepsi just to find out the price went from 1.29 to 2.00 pounds in other shops the went from 1.69 to 2.30 pounds but if u buy Pepsi max big bottle its 2.00 pounds for two I love Pepsi but iam not going to pay almost a pound more than last weekHow about the sound of elephants in their natural habitat? I think that more than compares favourably in my own humble opinion.yo...
peeps....
anticipate
valentine shutdown...
2k18
a party u don't wanna miss
staring various..upcomi
ng artist
all the way from
Ballas Record
Scott
Tu_Turf
mayor...
live at ken galilel hotel 25 anuoluwapo street somolu
date feb14
host empire gang x dream city
hyped by
Jay
SBWWhen is Dr Pepper Cherry or Big Red being released in the UK.. How about some variety on the supermaket shelves i.e sanisbury, teso, morrisonsMy family and I will no longer be buying any of your products as long as you endorse the actions of these over paid ingrates. When you are in a foreign country and you honor their anthem over your own country that is it with me. I think of my Dad in the Pacific in world war two. You and they make me furious. Fat cats living the good life and biting the hand that feeds them. Maybe my little purchase is of no consequences to your company but multiply it by a million. Have we got your attention now?Pepsi management do something about this. There's a chain message that are now in Facebook and it something like this..

There's news from the police. Its an urgent message for all. For next few days don't drink any product from pepsi company's like pepsi, tropicana juice, slice, 7up etc. A worker from the company has added his blood contaminated with AIDS.. Watch MDTV. please forward this to everyone on your list. REPEAT: Important message from Metropolitan Police to all citizen of United Kingdom.
For the next few weeks do not drink any products from Pepsi , as a worker from the company has added his blood contaminated with HIV (AIDS). It was shown yesterday on Sky News. Please forward this message to the people who you care.Who will replace pepsi dealership in Lingsat? I need 10 cases of pepsi tomorrow at GRK FOODS And SNAckS within the flying v compound, lingsat, sfc. ThanksStop destroying the rainforests and the planet to produce your drink. You should be ashamed.  People stop buying this drink.Pepsi take your responsibilitie
s seriously and stop trashing diverse and important eco systems for 'Palm Oil', and take responsibility for the millions of tons of plastic bottles that Pepsi cause!.What a shame you are destroying forests and lives just for profit. You should take responsibility for your actions instead of destroying the planet for profit. You are a disgrace!The destruction of the rainforest, and elephant habitat is revolting abuse of the environment, Don't drink Pepsi, it's a disgusting company.Hey Pepsi - this #Pe­psiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harmi­ng communities, rain­forests, the planet, and worsening clima­te change. Cut Confl­ict Palm Oil now!As they die screaming in the fires caused by Palm oil production. How can you, in this enlightened age, continue to destroy life and our planet, through greed!Palm oil expansion in Indonesia has led to massive outbreaks of fires as corporate actors illegally burn forests to make way for new plantations. Last year’s fire fueled “killer haze” is linked to over 90,000 premature deaths, according to a study from Harvard and Columbia universities. [1] Pepsi is completely responsible for this!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Sir I want to be in sail business with pepsi but I am not having bottles how can I work with you in my small way I am at Ofankor Asofa 0244691120 is my number Hogbah Jacob is my name.Hallo Pepsi Team

I just saw your ad with the model Kendall Jenner (walking in a demonstration).
Whom ever is responsible for creating that, is a genius! It sums up the unhappiness of the people with our momentarily governments, wars, acceptance of minorities around the world (their is a hole world out there - not just America). Sad to see that you took it of your YouTube channel and I'm sorry to hear that you are getting so much trouble for something that just says "hey have some peace, have a Pepsi!".

If anybody is interested I found the ad on this website (i am just referring to the video not to the website!)

http://
www.hollywoodrep
orter.com/news/
pepsi-ad-how-why
-was-made-99161
7The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The ugly face of the palm oil industry. The Leuser Ecosystem is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest, The Leuser is considered one of the world’s top priority conservation areas. We can’t let mega-corporatio
ns like PepsiCo, Nestle, Unilever, Procter & Gamble, and McDonald’s sweep the destruction of this priceless ecosystem under the rug. Shame on you.To The Chief Pricks of Pepsi. Not only are your drinks unhealkthy shite but you are financing ebvironmental destruction on a catastrophoic scale!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i/
?akid=27904.2912
157.9XOe42&rd=1
&source=fwd&t=2Stop destroying the endangered forest habitats please! https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i/
?akid=27904.7486
89.D_TN9m&rd=1&
source=fwd&t=1A field investigation by our partners at Rainforest Action Network uncovered the devastating clearance of already endangered forests in the Leuser Ecosystem. The only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest, Leuser is considered one of the world’s top priority conservation areas. It’s also the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh.

But Leuser’s critical importance is apparently of no concern to rogue palm oil producer PT. ABN. The company has been illegally -\-\ and rapidly -\-\ turning lowland forests into palm oil plantations despite being ordered out by the Indonesian government. So who has been buying PT. ABN’s conflict palm oil? Wilmar palm oil refineries, supplier of brands like PepsiCo, McDonald’s, and Nestlé.Pepsi aren't cheapskates like those at Coca Cola.

Who reduces their bottle size, and still has the nerve to charge £1.85 per bottle? Coca Cola - that's who.Oh I didnt realise I had a 'like' for this page! PepsiCo please sort out your palm oil policy so I can start enjoying your drinks again. Until then, adiosI love Pepsi. Literally love it. Was two seconds away from getting the logo tattooed on the back of my neck. Silly and stupid yes. But you CANNOT FORGIVE Gandalf for not giving the one ring to the eagles and having them drop it in mt doom. FUCKING CHEEK OF IT.Hi im a Pepsi seller here in Philippines we would like to have your simple rock/cart the small one to put my drinks & my small business. Thank u in advanceI saw a Video clip that says the Logo of Pepsi means the next generation, then when you turn the Pepsi can upside down PEPSI become "isded" meaning "is dead" so Probably it says
THE NEXT GENERATION IS DEADHere in norway we have a musician called "fattern" he's got hilarious songs but the best of them all is called Pepsi power. I can't get enough of it. Pepsi is the best I love Pepsi. I hate Coca-Cola I drink Pepsi as much as possible. Everyone I buy soda it's Pepsi and it's many at the time :3The roar of the crowd
Stomp your feet to the ground
Give it all to me now
'Cause you called for me, called for me
Awake to the sound
To the screams getting loud
Give it all to me now
'Cause you called for me, called for me

Lights go out, flashes all around
Screams, that get to call
Feel the fire running through your veins
Stand like you're ten feet tall

The roar of the crowd
Stomp your feet to the ground
Give it all to me now
'Cause you called for me, called for me
Awake to the sound
To the screams getting loudThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Who clicked on this because it said Pepsi posted for the first time in a while"Pepsi have posted for the first time in a while" - What happened, Pepsi? Where have you been? We're you travelling the world? :D please say you were. Have you got pictures? Share the tales of your long journey... We're excited to know why the heck you haven't posted in a long while lolNothing compares to the sound of trees being turned down and cries a baby orangutans and you kill and murder there mothers!!!
Evil vile Pepsi cunts happy to destroy the planet murder thousands of people and push hundreds of species to extinction for a second rate Coca Cola!
Scumbags!!!I love my pepsi i like it because i dont go out of my way to drink water but pepsi yes even during the nite when i woke up my body needs itJoin OBC coin today and with in-built exchanger and in-built shopping and be financially free okay to buy is $10 BTC for 35 coins just click on buy and buy yours now okayMy husband and I just love Pepsi. Prefer it over any soft drink and its much cheaper than Coca-Cola in South Africa. It also tastes better and not as sweet as Coca-Cola.Jeremy ScolesMB ShupToOliver BrownStefan Anghelhttps://
www.aol.co.uk/
coca-cola-starbu
cks-mcdonald-su
spend-221547007
.html

The major brands have announced the move in response to the country’s invasion of Ukraine.Why not sale the Pepsi MAX in Taiwan?The Russian market will lead to your inevitable death! Think about it as soon as possible and get out of there!it's not about taste anymore, but about good and evil.
#cocacola

chose the latter.
#pepsi

time for your counterattack is now!!!#pepsi in Angola with DOS ANJOS Banda  cam on make it possible, joy 

































Está ser muito bom.
Our hearts is lovend very Mach.
One day In Angola perfect.
I have faith in what I seeLove from BangladeshPepsi, do not finance murderers and maniacs with your taxes. Stop working with the Russian aggressor!
You are sponsoring the killings of Ukrainian citizens, women and children.
#StopBusinessWit
hRussia #SaveUkrainianCh
ildrenPepsi is best Boycotting - stop funding (r)ussiaI want to start a new business, so how do I get a Pepsi fridge?Katie Ryalls Charlotte Spencer ‘nothing compares’Here in norwayPepsi is the bestI love Pepsi so much , it gives me more energy when working , would love to be an official ambassador of Pepsi cola , so help me GodI need information about PepsiThats amaze mePepsi you no itPepsi Paloma


















Pepsi you sponsored war on Ukraine ™Crécia Miguel











PLEASE BOYCOTT THESE ISRAELI/JEWISH PRODUCTS
*We have 2 options to select one:
(1)Boycott these products
or
(2)let Israel buy bullets to kill innocent Palestinian children.....
Coke.
Fanta
Sprite
Pepsi.
Tang
7up
Twix
Kit Kat
Kraft
Nescafe
Kellogs
Max
Cheetos
Nestle
Walls
Loreal
Revelon
Marks and Spencer
Johnson's &Johnson’s
Pampers
Huggies
Colgate
Oral B
Lipton
Nokia
iPhone
HP
Intel
IBM
Mc Donald's
KFC
Burger King
Lays
Garnier
Maggi
Always
Nido
Please forward this message as a Muslim.https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=kTeTbxZT
OCIhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
100039353500161/
posts/
809091300412646/
?app=fbl









 







  https://
www.change.org/
p/
change-the-pepsi
-formula-back-t
o-how-it-was?re
cruiter=false&u
tm_source=share
_petition&utm_m
edium=facebook&
utm_campaign=ps
f_combo_share_i
nitial&utm_term
=share_for_star
ters_page&recru
ited_by_id=de01
e3a0-cdd4-11ed-
8686-adf99073b4
1d&share_bandit
_exp=initial-35
844895-en-GB&ut
m_content=fht-3
5844895-en-gb%3
A0https://
fb.watch/
nJLUthrJxf/
?mibextid=ZbWKwLWhy not sale the Pepsi MAX in Taiwan?IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott terrorist
save humanityWhy not sale the Pepsi MAX in Taiwan?Yuri UkmarBPepsiDeniz GulHELLO. PLEASE BRING BACK THE PEPSI BLUEERead the Quran surah maryam Crying

https://
youtu.be/
jyNyyzYZqZABI am sending you 1π! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://
minepi.com/
ZEVS78 and use my username (ZEVS78) as your invitation code.https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
307290501036858/
?ref=sharehttps://
www.facebook.com
/
Shahs-Handicraft
s-Swat-KPK-1040
76308739989/Subscribe and win free iPhone

https://
spirituality-awa
kening.com/While drinking your amazing Pepsi drinks
Listen to
Will Whisson Music
https://
open.spotify.com
/track/
6PTjylrUz8xAPS0c
d1mCxR?si=_v_IW
WmWT7WRQ-1doM_0
MQ&utm_source=c
opy-link
Plus all his other amazing songs
Thanks Are you stuck with trying to Bring Back Lost Lovers. Sickness and health problems. Stop A Cheating partner. Have Babies Spell. Fix Financial Problems. Fix Court Cases. Customer Attraction. Bad luck removal. Enhance love and attraction. Mr Logogo is a unique herbalist /
Spiritual healer, who is a renowned helper of men who has helped so many people online For more information: Drlogogo5@gmail.c
om a trial will convince you don’t lose hope Contact Dr Logogo now and be happy forever.and good luckhttps://
youtu.be/
zZCcBMHsN-Ahttps://
youtu.be/
Y2HxEjtVgHIbottles do NOT get recycled..... well a very large percentage of them... why is Pepsi Cola killing the planet with thousands of plastic bottles polluting the oceans etc...??? Why are they not using cans instead of toxic plastic...?? Just check out the photos of the plastic waste floating the Pacific Ocean...??https://
www.facebook.com
/bdrutimaker/Wind Sounds for Sleeping
Right-click and press on Loop to Relax longer.

Real Mountain Pass Wind Sounds for Deep Sleep Relaxation and Meditation |Howling Wind Ambience
subscribers: https://
www.youtube.com/
channel/
UCd-lPJLtJpnwuZq
3R4VfXBg?view_a
s=subscriber
#windsoundsforsl
eeping
#MindRelaxation
##8hoursofchristm
asmusicwithfire
place
#Naturesoundsbir
ds #Mind
#Natureriversoun
d #beach #sleep_music
#Oceansoundsbeac
hsounds #beach #sleep
#relaxingrainsou
ndsforsleeping1
hour #Mindhttps://
www.facebook.com
/use.rashed/
posts/
145254723789732Pepsi oooi need youre help please open and like  thank you
https://
www.facebook.com
/PepsiGeorgia/
photos/
1015779932999261
6https://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=odajIMWE
aLg&t=3shello i am asking for your help. click the link and react and share 
https://
www.facebook.com
/
AdDUSHSFormation
/photos/
a.59725660428889
3/
671042680243618/
?type=3RampackyGaza Thiagohello i am asking for your help. click the link and react and share 
https://
www.facebook.com
/
AdDUSHSFormation
/photos/
a.59725660428889
3/
671042680243618/
?type=3Hoping you let in small ads for a % of profit.
These gates will add character to your home/Stables/
Farm, with "our" ornamental "REARING HORSE" unique registered centre design.

Made to measure for your opening, just measure pillar to pillar, and height, and we will do the rest. Just a small level of DIY is needed, as our hinges basically self levelling with a few turns.

Gate without the rearing horses painted gold, {just ask for gold, not a problem} but with undercoat and black top coat, also all fixings and latch, yes, see new price, and photo of how the gate looks black only. Hammered 30mm x 30mm gate frame, 20mm full twist bar uprights, {see photos, the steel used is not your average, it's very different} rearing horse 6mm thick mild steel. Traditional and solid looking, (not like lightweight, cheaper versions).

Please pm for larger openings or heights, or for this design incorporated into double drive gates. This design is unique, called; Rearing Horses, a registered design, used in gates and stable door and house signs, in the UK intellectual, property office, {design number 5002714} This design was designed by two people, I did 95% of the work, however it was her idea, and the design "Rearing Horse" will "always" be theirs. Should both have a % of the profits, yes.

We have been trading from 1968, gates, railings, balustrades, Etc.

http://
www.ebay.co.uk/
itm/
Gate-garden-Sing
e-gate-Drive-ga
te-Side-gate-Wr
ought-Iron-gate
-Rearing-Horse-
g-/
222448602677?ssP
ageName=STRK%3A
MESCX%3AITI should be given shares for all the Pepsi I drink. 6 LTRs a day!! Thank you for the great taste.nice one..........Bi
gBrother 9ja winner, Efe and fellow housemate Marvis took their relationship to another level and Efe Ex Respond
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
big-brother-9ja-
winner-efe-and-
fellow.html

What will you do "if" you find your girlfriend and your best friend in this situation?
see here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
what-will-you-do
-i-you-find-you
r.html

What Make Wizkid The Best In Africa Right Now & Something About His Response to D'banj- Must See
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
what-made-wizkid
-best-in-africa
-right.html

This Is The Worst Thing That Can Ever Happen to Nigeria Right Now
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
this-is-worst-th
ing-that-can-ev
er.html

This is What You Don't Know About The Inventor of BigBrother And Other Reality Show He Invented
See here: https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
this-is-what-you
-dont-know-abou
t.html

Viral Video of Pastor Having Sex With Young Beautiful Girlfriends- 18+Pls
See here: https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
viral-video-of-p
astor-having-se
x-with.htmlSWISSCOIN:
It's a new cryptocurrency that is set to be launched in Switzerland at April 9. It was prelaunched in June 2016

When u reg now, u gt 100 free swisscoin b4 d official launch and u get 10% bonus on every referred downlines.

Reg now at least it's free, we don't know how well it gonna thrive when launched. Bitcoin started like this. Just 1million users needed.
Nobody should ignore or miss the opportunity to get free 100 swisscoin 'cos this was how a lot of people missed free bitcoin until it was launched.
To know more, whatsapp08102987773
Registration is strictly by invitation:
Reg link: www.swisscoin.e
u/engrteekay
Check ur email when you are done for more free offers. Holla me on whatsapp after your registration so as to be added to international group where u will receive webinar seminars.The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!PepsiFire leaves a terrible taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now. What are you using that conflict palm oil for? I will not drink a single Pepsi before you stop. Normally I drink 2 litres a day, I still will, but not Pepsi.Pepsi, Pepsi, Pepsi! Dont Make Me Believe That You Guys Are Running Out Of Time. You've Come A Long Way To Want To Quit Now. Brace Yourself And Take Hold Of Your World. Pepsi Is Livelier Than Other Soft Drinks.Pepsi group where really awesome during the 90's FTI BRANCH Pepsi Max is my favourite drink at home and while out driving always have it to hand, best soft drink on the marketPalm oil expansion in Indonesia has led to massive outbreaks of fires as corporate actors illegally burn forests to make way for new plantations. Last year’s fire fueled “killer haze” is linked to over 90,000 premature deaths, according to a study from Harvard and Columbia universities. ]

Meanwhile PepsiCo refuses to take meaningful action to address its Conflict Palm Oil problem, leaving a giant loophole for its palm oil partner Indofood. Indofood has been caught red-handed with fires burning on its plantations in recent years, and without Pepsi taking responsibility for its supply chain, the company is sure to continue razing rainforests and violating workers rights unabated.Funny you should post now. Just put a fresh bottle of Pepsi in the fridge #HowIronicWe consume then celebrities are made ambassadors who doesnt even know what the bottle and cans are likt.....#justsayingIt is so dissappointing that so many people know about how you are harming the environment and there is still no change in the ways of your production and in your policies ..."Pepsi has posted for the first time in a while." Came up on my notifications. Are you guys okay? Missed you. <3or the sound of Zoë drinking a pepsiAnyone else think this is a dig at gaga for not outbeating katy for #1 watch half time shoe?Bring back your old logoPepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.You really are just a greedy selfish company, Pepsi Fire! this is just what your company is doing to the forests and its wildlife burning and destroying .PepsiCo, your palm oil “progress” is a farce. The truth is that your company continues to make billions while rainforests fall and workers in your supply chain are exploited for Conflict Palm Oil. Instead of nice words, take real action to end the exploitation.Rot ur teeth and can be use fir cleaning stubborn stains around the bath Ionut LucianLazar LapacPepsiCo, stop trying to sidestep your enormous Conflict Palm Oil problem. Rainforests continue to fall and workers continue to be exploited for the palm oil in your products and in the operations of your notorious business partner Indofood. Your half-measures are not enough. You must take robust action to end the destruction.Am I the only one who click this thinking they were giving something away Hey Pepsi - your #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! And get the message of what it means when you receive so much hate mail!PepsiCo, stop trying to sidestep your enormous Conflict Palm Oil problem. Rainforests continue to fall and workers continue to be exploited for the palm oil in your products and in the operations of your notorious business partner Indofood. Your half-measures are not enough. You must take robust action to end the destruction.

As PepsiCo continues your attempts to greenwash your ongoing links to deforestation and human rights abuses, a call to boycott your products is being made worldwideNothing compares to the ROAR of the crowd (y)Why can't Pepsi use cardboad packaging on their 6 packs of 330ml cans like they did approx 13 years ago. The plastic they are currently wrapped in is very environmentally
unfriendly and un-nessesary.Love Pepsi Max. The greatest invention of the modern age.Feel d vibe. @pepsi...
Theme -no matter our the water drops I still get a sip of my pepsiNothing compares to the roar of RAINFOREST DESTRUCTION. Stop the deforestation now Pepsi and start using sustainable business models!!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bCould i ask a signage for my store?im a suki of pepsi thats why im asking for the compliments if so here's my name belle's sarisari store #067 virginia st.gulod novaliches .quezon city thanks #99284560364 thanks po.pepsi causes cancer, too much sugar i should know because i used to drinkPepsi, when are you going to put our planet and our lives before your profits?https://
scontent.fhlz1-1
.fna.fbcdn.net/
v/t1.0-9/
11666048_1015292
2381852414_3021
218068249430975
_n.jpg?oh=f894a
f48a72e6ca4a151
bce738bf64fb&oe
=59E682F2Dont drink it but grate to say it many peoples favouritegood day team!!

please in box me now,have something to talk to you about:) Hi Pepsi when is National Have a Pepsi day?Waleed, the 4th Years response to mentioning a P.maxI pledge to Tell Pepsi: No More Excuses, End Deforestation and Exploitation Now!its a pity that pepsi products here in the philpinnes not allways on stock what the pwpsi compagnie cost a lot of moneyI am one of the consumer and a fan. Love the taste. But never got any award/gift for thatPepsi, do the right thing - STOP using conflict palm oil NOW!Pepsi Fire, such bad taste! Take responsibility & help to save rainforests, Orangutans & the climate.I will drink only coconut water....I am not wiling to spoil my lifemoney makes the world go round until too much money has accumulated and will bring the world to a stop and crash and then there will be nowhere to hide rich or poorI LIKE THE TASTE AND IS CHEAPER THAN COCA COLANothing! ?
You just drink pepsi like you drink pèpè soup in Yaoundé

 #NÎT_Ltd
#DWYR_born_todo
#Նվեր_սիրո
@dwyrborntodoPepsi-Cola Stop destroying our beaches with your plastic bottles! There was at least one on Weston-Super-Ma
re beach on the 21st June #EndOceanPlastic
s Greenpeace UKi profesy all ur sadness and ur sorrow shall comez to end in the name of PEPSI AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!
!Good people pls listen to my music if u dnt lyk it blast me www.dropbox.com
/s/
gx3ts68z76wbymj/
BigSam-Trash.mp3
?dl=OWow.. welcome back mate... Social media department take a bit of a hit? Or did they run out of creativity?Repulsive beverage, repulsive message. Can't imagine why anyone buys either.All you CEO's should be fired for naming ironically your latest Pepsi. Stop the burning of forests in Indonesia.@Pepsi are you serious about protecting our environment? So you need to #DropTheChamber!The European They What To Finish African They Have Bring Thing That Ican Understa ItPepsiCo: Buy responsible, rainforest-heal
thy palm oil! http://
act.sumofus.org/
go/
90612?aktmid=tm1
0618554.jAhBdF&
akid=a97139508.
1171903.Ruay7k&
t=2&source=confFor me I take it everyday and I'm worried if is not going to have sidefeast, because I take up to 3, 4 in a dayPepsi as a company you are a disgrace...dest
roying the environment and the beings that live in those environments is not an ethos that deserves to thrive...as a company l hope you go down in flames...Nice slogan . Let's bring it black into the #FrontRowHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rain forests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Wisdom.....
The Earth Dies Screaming....(s
ong)
-UB40

A rich banker, has a such limited intelligence of himself, he sells bottled water by the billions, in plastic bottles, therefore destroying his own source, of valuable income, because plastic, kills, harms, damages and destroys the whole environment and nature, and the people he sells too. I'd call him fucking insane, with a hint of psychopath.
-Rajesh Patel X xPepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/Long time no see Pepsi. But now Suddenly u appear righ now, well anyway tel us the new detair,; and the quality of Pepsi,SURPRISE.
???Nothing but answers would also be compeard to the question we asking u. . .where have u been?Pepsi has to go in fridge, Coke belong down the drain. Pepsi has a lovely taste, Coke has a vile sweet taste.Roar of fires more like.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hi from west Auckland. Sick of shops that used to sell Pepsi selling come.Max rocks.Look at all the comments, perhaps the meme isn't truly dead yet Elias Bishop-GaitBring out pepsi cherry in 2L bottles , pepsi max is shit, give us pepsi cherryI'm not sure where to comment but Pepsi J Cola zero is not as good as Pepsi strong zero I'm disappointed please bring Pepsi strong zero back.is that true the message sent me that as I am awarded Pepsi 2017 anivarsary awardGood morning what is the process of becoming a distributor?Pepsi please stop investing in palm oil production and causing forest fires that damage the environmentI like to open distribution in free state n northcape if u wil help me i will make sure every tuck shop gate u pepsi Cjmusi bloemfonteinI believe that Pepsi is still going to the Saudi summit, BAD idea!!!!!I Wine A Phone With Pepsi (fero)FREE! FREE!! FREE!!! Inbox me only if you believe this and im telling you its working 100% this is the Bitcoin mining software used to mine free bitcoins daily. it’s really working good and real. Please stop investing in sites that you won’t be able to withdraw. With this software I mine over 1 bitcoin in a day, Try it and see it real works, 1 btc daily.. i got over 1 bitcoin daily using a software i purchased from a hacker, i purchased the software for just $200 once i purchased it the hacker send the software to my email, i downloaded the software and install it, ever since then ive been making 1 btc daily, the sofware works very good, this is real and its working well. Inbox me if you need the hacker contact and get your own software as well.. hacker sell the software for only $200 per software. inbox me and i will give you the hacker contact.. Inbox if you want to buy bitcoin as well I have enough to sell.PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!

Pepsi leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!MB ShupToI'm not the but I'm trying to be the one....Pepsi...
........gogogo.
....PepsiCo, stop trying to sidestep your enormous Conflict Palm Oil problem. Rainforests continue to fall and workers continue to be exploited for the palm oil in your products and in the operations of your notorious business partner Indofood. Your half-measures are not enough. You must take robust action to end the destruction.How's about the roar of flames from the burning rain forest in the world from the illegal palm oil trade.There is no roar in the crowd at the emirates because Wenger always disappoints usHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!if any girl or boy interested for modeling so contact me ,, send me details on private msg :) thnxHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Pepsi. Coke or any other - just a sugar loaded carbonated water with color and flavor. Many like it - I don't anymoreHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!In the name of Jesus christ pepsi is flourishing on every side en its moving from glory to glory in Jesus name i pray... Let some body shout amenPepsiCo, stop trying to sidestep your enormous Conflict Palm Oil problem. Rainforests continue to fall and workers continue to be exploited for the palm oil in your products and in the operations of your notorious business partner Indofood. Your half-measures are not enough. You must take robust action to end the destruction.I was reading other comments and it was  Hahahahahahahah
. Lol Pepsi is sexy,better than other soft drinks,enriches
the body and mind. As a matter of fact am having a chilled bottle of Pepsi right nowYea, I love my pepsi drink, cos it makes me cool with it's irresistable taste. "Can I Have some More pepsi drink!!!How about BUNNY SLIPPERS. or DOG poop. or SILENCE. ANYTHING can compare to a roar of a crowd.Jesus fuck, I thought you had died Pepsi, thank you for finely posting This season in your world of champions super sport and #UEFA Champions league #PEPS'S dare for moreWhen someone question me 'what is your favourite drink'? So i will answered pepsi....pepsi is always no.1 love you pepsi B-)Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey I forgot pepsi was still a thing! XD (Pepsi has not posted in a while)pepsi as come again with the greath taste drink a bottle of pepsi and u shall be bless in jesus name AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!
!PepsiCo, stop trying to sidestep your enormous Conflict Palm Oil problem. Rainforests continue to fall and workers continue to be exploited for the palm oil in your products and in the operations of your notorious business partner Indofood. Your half-measures are not enough. You must take robust action to end the destruction.Pepsi is now owned by Lotte, a Korean giant beverage company. I am loyal to Mountain Dew. Forever. Bahalina of the Warays is best with Pepsi. Nothing more, nothing less. Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Gimme that, I luv that. Hmmm gimme that ice cold pepsi. wanna be the next pepsi ambassador, pls don't say NOI love Pepsi! <3 I couldn't handle myself well. Me and my friends drink as we do things we wanna do.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!I need sponsorship for a world title fight in Papua New Guineaسید تقی حسین رضویhi. please send christmas donations to: fletcher kachoka, standard bank, account number:91000005
16217, sort code:101031, swift code:sbicmwmx. merry xmas!Pepsi thanks for coming up here... But honestly I need a job from Pepsi..thanks and best regard.Pepsi Cola Is The Best Wen It Cool Ha Drink And Get Parmanent HappinessHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!MW Blessedsinner Pepsi is my greatest drink, I wanna be a Pepsi ambassador.....It has a good tastes, not much sweet and also powerful & admirring. I love pepsi because i drink pepsi all the times.Pepsi please don't travel anymore. You generally destroy any habitat you come across.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Despite all the bad news:

Like MMM crashing

PDP and APC fight;

PHCN Blackouts;

Devaluation of naira;

Corruptions;

Unpaid salaries;

Economy Meltdown;

Boko Haram bombings;

Super Eagles disqualificatio
n;

Medical Worker Strike;

Judiciary Strike;

Election Rally leading to peoples death,

army shooting protesters,
unemployed graduates,

I still have good news for you....
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-
-
.
.
.
.
.
.
Keep Scrolling
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You are almost there
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Mango is out!! I saw it with my Koro Koro eyes i dont like the design of the pepsi bottle than cokee, its dirty to look.Except when Pepsi show up at your door with 10 crates of Pepsi, and pizza from DominosThat's awesome.....Lov
e Pepsi and the colourful can....Can't wait to gulp a chilled can of pepsi.hy ppsi agents iz da ppsi gifts stil on wen u spel da word drink pepsiThe roar of the crowd
Stomp your feet to the ground
Give it all to me now
'Cause you called for me, called for me
Awake to the sound
To the screams getting loud
Give it all to me now
'Cause you called for me, called for me

Lights go out, flashes all around
Screams, that get to call
Feel the fire running through your veins
Stand like you're ten feet tall

The roar of the crowd
Stomp your feet to the ground
Give it all to me now
'Cause you called for me, called for me
Awake to the sound
To the screams getting loudHi, how are you sir!
My name is Deep Bhojkar, I am an actor and film producer here in Uganda. I want to communicate about good projects, how can I meet you? Or connect me the right person, please 
Thanks you.you said it! trying that pepsi max cos cutting down on sugar & taste quite nice tbh hard to believe theres no sugar lolYes, 'Nothing Compares To The Roar Of The Crowd'

Well, am I the first person to comment ?Cola has been active in common to you. Glad you made comeback :DAS A SIMBA MAPHA SUPPORTER I LV PEPSI ALSO,COS I KNW ITS A PART OF SIMBA,LAYS,NIKN
AKS,ETCi love it but i am afraid of cancer liver its not good but it is delicious #1 in the world coca cola with pizza <3Mehedi HasanShafikul Islam ShawonNothing compares to the roar of the crowd upon seeing their great Emperor.Do you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Tarek BhuiyanHello beautiful people:here comes another estate called the lily park estate behind the shoprite adjacent the Westwood phase 1 and next in line with the Lekki southern villa... Price for lily park estate is 5m selling with Gazette not Gazette tracing number, has Gazette already.. Our payment plan is outright 5m per plot-600sqm 2 month still 5m,3month:5.5m and 6month,6m per plot. If you are interested in marketing this land,kindly chat me up privately for our office address and the registration form. Our registration form is free. We pay 15% direct commission and 5%indirect commission . all documents available for citing... Thank you . comment with your whatsapp number if interested or inbox. +2348034175648Tama LeJoin the Illuminati brotherhood today and get money power and fame, we are opening our doors to the masses.you can contact us on Whattsapp +13233642194 you to be a member of the great Illuminati brother hood........I love the pepsi coz Im the merchandiser of pepsi in PNG.And even my families olso love the pepsi.Cheap but lots of merits,thats my pepsi i cal it mine coz its made for me.i luv it.Pepsi~ask 4 more. I'm chilling with cold pepsi at Hotel de La paix, Aba. Guys feel free to join thereYou never give back to d society but d society gives u all, though i love pepsi but u guy no d try at allGabriella EdisonPost your Pepsi pix here make dem see Onyebuchi Alexander Ugborit has been quite a while since i heard from you in a while, where have you been and what have you been upto, any good stuff in store?Victor MutoloPepsi is the best wen it cool ha drink and get excellent happiness......check out the most amazing picture a model took for pepsi on the seaside @eternalspeaks2
samihttps://
encrypted-tbn2.g
static.com/
images?q=tbn%3AA
Nd9GcQYVVWIWYYl
bsvjUU2XgU0LyFI
BASNY5AqsDqX-GF
Cxp5oR-iix6BBQ-
M7nNothing compares to the roar of wild tigers who are dying and their habitats destroyed by deforestation to produce palm oil for companies like PepsiCo https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i?sp_ref=2757
09306.99.178910
.f.568523.2&sou
rce=fbАлександар СтанковPepsi has just posted for the first time in a whikeBy the time Pepsi is there no mater wat happen, wat comes on u,no mater what coms on us , plse do the u'r best coz we love u plse.FOR ME-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\FOR PEPSI-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-F
OR EVERYONE-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\FOR THE WORLD-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-W
E ROAR !!!!It's my best drink sin I was young until now I still lyke it very much...........
.. alway comfort mi extremelyHassaan ElahiHi business minded people from Kenya...
Am miss Esther wangari, one of the top
earners of AIM here in the
Kenya
I am looking for 30 people in Kenya who want to
pioneer & be a team leader. Our company is 11
months old business from the Philippines which
have produced...
-25 Luxury Car Achievers
-150 Travel Incentive Qualifiers
-11 2Miliion KES earners
We will teach and train you how to earn 15000
KES weekly... Free Business Presentation every day of the week .If interested with our company and would like to get started and work with us kindly

Send me a message in Text or WhatsApp
0790586437 for the venue and seat
reservation.Tafsir OnyHere in Kenya,pepsi is the only drinks i and my wife we like because of its neutral tastes,thank u pepsi!!Wahab Akmalhttps://
www.breakfreefro
mplastic.org/
2018/10/09/
globalbrandaudit
report/iam distributer of badin sindh coca cola ..SALES CONSULTANT
TEAM LEADERS &
TEAM MANAGERS

Eligibility Criteria:
- Education: Inter To Masters
- Working Type: Part Time and Full Time
- Location: Karachi Lahore Faisalabad Sahiwal Gujranwala Multan Islamabad quetta okara Rawalpindi
- Candidates Must Have Good Communication Skills
- Income Market Comparative Plus Other Benefits And Fast Growing Career
 Best opportunity to Secure your Future Life Time
 For more information InboxMahmud HasanMichael JalkejianThanks Pepsi https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i/
?akid=27904.1189
7516._Vgeur&rd=
1&source=fwd&t=
2Saqib KhanI love you PepsiLovely!Ra NaTarek BhuiyanKelsey Pepsi #Pepsi#Pepsi_AddictPlease release salted caramel Pepsi in IrelandPepsi needs to stop this destruction since it uses palm oil from here http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bnRachel KellyDjTuma TzPepsi - Rainforest violators - I really don't know what to say, except for, "Shame on you" for continuing to destroy an irreplaceable rainforest in Sumatra where elephants, tigers, rhinos and orangutans are living together, as well as human beings who have no where else to go if you continue to exploit their home and habitat, in spite of the protection they have been promised - Please stop it now, and take heed of this video: https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEAlex Olivier Walkerدينا حسينCarolina Amaliaدينا حسينCarolina AmaliaTiziana ParazzoliAbdulrasheed AbdulhamidFrank F. HufanaAysha SiddikaGiusy PalettaVeronika VányaiNisar Ahmed AbroGiuseppe BalloneFarjana AktarTinnakron ChittaTinnakron ChittaTinnakron ChittaTinnakron ChittaMarco FerrantiniLewis BiancoPascal Michael FuchsAndrei LaurențiuRhiannon McCartneyRicana BregsVincent BauyonMustapha S El BatalShek FoysalAhmad F. AlsaraheenLee WilsonMustapha S El BatalMustapha S El BatalMatt DawsonLooknam LooknamLuca NovelliJack DaviesMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciMatt CrisciSai Than HtooToo.much of pepsi will lead u to diabetes!Tyrel Rakete MillerMatt CrisciSumera RaheelLakházi ÁkosDar Es ZaniaSaad AbdullahSaad AbdullahSaad AbdullahJames StocksIglis TaflajUsama Riaz AnsariMatt BuchananMatt BuchananMatt BuchananMatt BuchananMatt BuchananMatt BuchananMatt BuchananSam HistonMatt BuchananDaniel GrzywaJakob Winther GranbergLebeko NchachiDaniel GrzywaAyob HafafShaun GallagherBry PipesMaaz Raza KhanNoor A Jannat KhanLoveyElliot BallGorác KrisztiánRebecca SmithKev NewtonJan Kevin SibayanHasan AzeezAwais AhmadIqra MustafaHasibul Alam NitolZayyan AkhtarMohammed SabeelDiego FarmakopoulosDiego FarmakopoulosDiego FarmakopoulosThe brand charter ever..... sweet taste.....Fabio LanzoneIgor MillefantiSupan RoyThomas DennyDavid GregsonNz NgamputtarawarakunTim HörweyMohamed GhanemPia KainiapanaikenRhysRobert ZipAkm FarukGarry Arvin Radaza DelgadoCamilla DrejerTaNvir SohanUsama ZubairJp BontiaTam Niall Rodriguez De GuzmanKevin SelvamKevin SelvamKevin SelvamKevin SelvamKevin SelvamKevin SelvamKevin SelvamHussam Abo AssiAlonso FabiánName of songs in new reclaims?Marcus FergusonMario CatanzanoRoop ManglaniAnto Lucas PoleAnto Lucas PoleCosma VictorAnna Lena DeistMatt Pollheinไอ'ดื้อ อินดี้ไอ'ดื้อ อินดี้Davide ConiLoaiy Abdalrhman HamzaVlady BohGabriel CîrdeiPaul UgelBest toilet and wash basin cleaner coke and PepsiMake the cans black. Looks bad as!Russel HossainSteven Buster ArmbrusterMatteo BardiBodikListen to the chorus wrote this last year soundcloud.com/
riaan-vogel-musi
c/lola #Original and you will find the remix on www.reverbnatio
n.com/
riaanvogel Lola ft Louie X(Remix).Enjoy!
!!Mohammad ShahabuddinEllen HaKennedy Ochieng ObatKaela PenwardenEllen HaUmar Imran SiddiquiMaryori ColindresLaurence ReevesAnthony MarboisTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelAlicia GhiergheAlicia GhiergheAlicia GhiergheJoey McGillBiagio CabriniJoey McGillRayan SolangiJoey McGillJoey McGillJoey McGillJoey McGillJoey McGillBm BadhanAustin BoatJeanon Pawiro-oelomoErny Rocaشيكوزى ود مدنىMadalina StefanAdam Blight BlightyAdam Blight BlightyAdam Blight BlightyMohammed Al-shammeryTanvir Ahsan Siddiqui PavelДаниел ВанчевMohamed IsmailAhmed HamzaAkio SoneJhebel Cinco PediganAlbert LerSean HeathcockWandi AndiDa LopezSian Nicole SimpsonSyed Mohib Ali ShahWasim Abdel KareemLeonita PavlovaLeonita PavlovaGabriele RonchinGabriele RonchinGabriele RonchinCan you not Naje NssrPepsi company is providing good product good quality and good taste. ..Blanka ReggelMaj Hauptman-PepelnjakSchwartzemer NorbertastejoreAnd the crowd roars against your Palm oil horror.Mohammad MatiMohammad MatiFabunmi Sunday GabrielTonny B CeaserPranav ShresthaDinu Marius RazvanYuzuru Iizukaজয়িতা বীথিPasqualino Locosellilove itnothing compares to the *RAWR XD* of the croudGaurav KashyapNonthawat WattanarungNattawat SirisomboonSajda KhanSajda KhanSajda KhanSajda KhanShahbaz Ali KhanRadu CrecanRobbie BrrownDemos WoodRummaan IqbalRummaan IqbalRummaan IqbalRummaan IqbalRummaan Iqbalদেবাশিস মণ্ডলMuhammad AzizMuhammad Raihan AlaminYes, the internet and social media exist.I just love the bite of a chilled bottle of Pepsi!I want Pepsi blue!Yousuf VayaniMuqadam AdnanLloyd ManuelSheikh Ali AbbasJaime Loaizaณัฐพงษ์ ชัยเดชHaiqel JupriDan DickerSteven Mark TaylorSteven Mark TaylorSteven Mark TaylorDarvas GáborSteven Mark TaylorSteven Mark TaylorSteven Mark TaylorSteven Mark TaylorSteven Mark TaylorKenny RasmussenKenny RasmussenGuðbrandur Hjörtur GuðbrandssonGuðbrandur Hjörtur GuðbrandssonMuhammad Raihan AlaminMuhammad Raihan AlaminCoke coke hyPepsi -change the game 8)stop destroying rainforests. Pepsi fire sucks ! people and wildlife are dying #Pepsi get real !#ChelseaThe crowd are the fans and the fans is the game! #Smartsong hulkshare.com/
smart_songWaleed Al AgabJosh BealMoohtasim Haque NeerojShergiouz FèrñdzScott JenkinsMathias AndersenAnuson SoinakOmar Shahid MughalMatt GreenwoodRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsAlan BevanRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsRy HigginsDaniele GarzonAdam JonesConnor ScannellConnor ScannellDomi Manuel ZieglerIgor AdamovNanko BranchevAsif IstiaqueNanko BranchevTayyab AbaidMD Sheikh Sadi ShaonZico AhmedAnas RafaideenBushra KamalNico CucchiaraTama LeTama LeSachin SivakumarDave AlamaresSteven Mark TaylorA'isyahRagdah MohammedAnniruth KannanSteven Mark TaylorNikolaos MenelaouGiorgio IndacoChay ReubyLiza GobejishviliRavina RajaMarcin RychcikAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraAhmed BushraSeby EusebiuAhmed BushraAhmed BushraEdmondo Bam SpezialeKujtim MuratiCoca-Cola Number One!!!!I AM A SOLID PEPSI FAMILY Laura BocchiZeeshan AkramAlex NiwamanyaLawrence Anik GomesWazeem CoolWazeem CoolFrancis CarpioFrancis Carpioঘাস ফড়িংArchi Mboma Le MiraculéArchi Mboma Le MiraculéJayson HerdmanAlan BevanAlan BevanShujon AlamKazi Rifat Hasan SamudraVictor Chr Guldager SonnichsenCiril BerglesHusien GolianRosie SidawayMichael Dongwook ByunAndreapaola GammellaJahanzaib ButtMarcus KristensenHarry LynchMy sweet drink.Maxien GorryMaxien GorryWhy are the people posting this crazy bird?Taste goodΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerCuriliuc Mihai FlorinLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerSol Jeanette SkogvoldΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςHassan S. NaeemChaturanga LakshanAlgeneral MohmedLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerMuhammad TalhaLudwig GreinerLudwig GreinerMohad RehanMuhammad Hamza IftikharJames KuoJohn PrekasAlex KingswellLee ScottMicky BlackburnMicky BlackburnMicky BlackburnMicky BlackburnEusebio ValentinArmaan AlamFederico FenuRashedur Rahman BhuiyanLevi FormanBoris GeorgievBoris GeorgievBoris GeorgievLiviu VermanGøran WillassenKatende BadruSaurabh Sharmahttps://
act.sumofus.org/
go/
353141?t=1&akid=
29865.9470094.d
i_qNbJørn AlfsenHey next Pepsi sponsor is Please stop using plastic bottles. Thank youAm in GHANA and Pepsi is my nickname because i love de drinkWhen you forgot you liked the Pepsi pages about 5 years ago.Pepsi Perfect???DjTuma TzDjTuma TzDjTuma TzPepsi is number oneIts a Nic drink, i love itMary JosephObii EmelieStefano PalumboKhinsan YuGiorgos AlexioyStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboMax BirchАдријан СтојаноскиStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano PalumboStefano Palumboโชติวัฒน์ วงศ์จรรยากุลLaurence AvilaN Azad RonyAmer AlzenSebastian DombrowiczAnders Skovgaard VindelevAsh JacksonTucharun KunsingJuan RafaelBitto KaziAmat Ul KarimRebecca BaicuAzad AzeezAzad AzeezAzad AzeezAzad AzeezAzad AzeezAzad AzeezAzad AzeezAzad Azeezเจนจิรา ศิลปงามOmar EzizJoe Turnerفراز عالمPerier Casimiro SernaquéSukanta SarkarWow!!!Cut conflict palm oil now!You really need a better social media expert.Clean up your act!PEPSI MAXi am fe lake taste pepsiDjTuma TzDjTuma Tzoh no!!! I miss u pepsi...DjTuma Tzblue and redI like pepsiStill better than coca colaShüvrö SàhàTimigie JahchildRaka Errizal PutraAli AhmadBarton KeelinHarman SinghTimigie JahchildFurQan XheikhJobaer Rahman SikderMohamed SharafKrisztián SimayWalter Ainis FerdinandEva PondělíčkováAmine JaafarLô Sui KîYalvesh JugunChirath Thusaraka Sirimannaซอยสี่ตำแซ่บ เมี่ยงปลาเผาChandra TioJohn KennedyParth PatelSteven WisemanGianluca FumagalliJoey CollinsMarkuss ZelvisBharat BehalAleksandra GeorgievaMarco MaffeiLucas CominEmma MaceyMd Khairol AminMd Khairol AminHadeel HussienAtakan KöseInnocentz AngelzBálint BaloghAndrew MulhollandCedric von BorckeCahyo RichardAlessandro PintoAS ANWilkie WilkinsonLogan Sophiaany job vacancy3141314?#bolsonaroNaLati
nhaDePepsiI love pepsiPepsi no one but you love it so muchDjTuma TzYeah :)DjTuma TzDjTuma TzDjTuma TzDjTuma TzPepsi/!sdəd/
iddedSohail Lamvel#BringBackPepsiP
erfectI absolutely love pepsiWHAT THE FUCK!!!Jake Clarkeyes, except the roar of idiocy Drink Pepsi,PEPSI "LIVE FOR NOW"Zwykły MatiBarton KeelinBarton KeelinBarton KeelinBarton KeelinBarton KeelinBarton KeelinBarton KeelinKhalid ElahmerPashk Gjikolaالخبير معاذ داودBarton KeelinStefano PalumboBarton KeelinBarton KeelinRufino Buendia RubioSajjad KhursheedSajjad Khursheedโจ จิง จิงKasun JayasooriyaTuấn BodysImtiaz Ahmed RezwanDavid BourneMaksym SkuridinKornél BerényiKayyaych GuapKayyaych GuapKayyaych GuapFatin S. Marsidi OmarБиляна НиколоваWat ZaRoxana NazaretLászló Saban TakácsDavid ClarkPietro SchiavoneCesare Augusto FarinaPietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavoneVivek KaliramnaPietro SchiavoneVivek KaliramnaPietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavonePietro SchiavoneVarga ÁdámVarga ÁdámVarga ÁdámSyedmudassarahmed SyedmahmoodahmedMerwyn OrtegaMarcin LisowskiAsad RajarMohamed GafferKieran PlumbMatteo IuzzolinoEngin SaydanKalid Seedლაშა ლეჟავაAyahe TyoAlex DraycottElgest DervishiBradley FerreiraAdam UrbášekAnik HowladerSyed Mohamad Ali Naqvione bottlePoisonDownload: DaKrox - Oluwa Abeg http://
www.ngwide.co/
mp3-download/
download-dakrox-
oluwa-abeg/#Pepsi is backChrysler J. SalcedoMarcus WennbergI just now heard pepsi is using 4-Methylimidazo
le, a carcinogenic. Can I sue Pepsi?ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?Pepsi the number1 cola drink any where in the worldBoy Woranatpisit Khamoon1 thing bomb blastyelow,wea can i get my gift conz i won smartphone i am in mbararaKazuhiko IdutaniPrakalung IssaroIt's unhealthyjust say yesMahmoud Fawzy Karkiti love Pepsi when it is cold.EVERYONE SPAM THE BIRD EMOJI AND TRY GET TO 1000 REPLYSDon't destroy our forest & elephants for PALM OIL !Tony Pliskin StanfordSipos Sándor JózsefHiDarko DostanicNo new no sigh Freeعمیر نزیر ہاشمیMurderers!!!!I like it but, let the sugary content be reduced. Okay!!Pam K SahotaSumit PaulMattia CerchierMattia CerchierTaweeporn SingsuriNabeel IsmaeelJoey Javier CastroSteven DaviesSumit PaulSumit PaulPepsi is good for me, Pepsi is good for all!Sumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulSumit PaulCristian LoiStop using palm oil and destroying the planstSlMuhammad Umar IbrahimMohammed Azharull Haq BhuyanTairon ScaliseYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazYoslen Hernandez DiazMohsin Hassanstop the firesKonka #pepsiLove Pepsi Haha Pepsi I like very muchМартин МаркоскиOllie StoreyJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroJoey Javier CastroU need to bring the wild cherry Pepsi to the uk Dima ChumburidzeMuhammad Umar IbrahimKyle Duranteພອນວິຈິດ ພູນທິບົວທອງChatchai Ball Boon-AnanpanyaMarco Román NatulloPepsi max cherry is the way to goMichael WoolleyAudz FlemingAudz FlemingAudz FlemingEmin QurbanovUMar MU5.673Elena Lili MarinCoke LannaDan CoulterRachel KellyWhy are people even liking this stupid bird?Aish NeeStop killing oragnutans for a quick buck.There is no advertising in liaquatpur Punjab PakistanMark HitchenKatia SumaAhnaf Tazwar UnmeshЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовЭсса БоголюбовJake Lee Curtis-SmithMo KhiderPepsi or coke is the best to drink or a cuppa tea;)Thomas RiordanMashrukul HuqueStopSarah BakerOliver ReadJulficar Jacaria ProtikAaronne SarmientoAaronne SarmientoAaronne SarmientoAaronne SarmientoRutaba RaufAaronne SarmientoRyan BadcockSupeerada SermpraphasilpSupeerada SermpraphasilpI hate PepsiI hate Pepsi03312649612calDon't drink PepsiSome one call me 08104513905!!!wat makes it better?????Love thisWow!!Ayinde Kehinde MichealAyinde Kehinde MichealMax ChapmanMuneeb AhmedTopAlex MirandaKurt EdwardsMuhammad Haroon SaeedFlora MorelliMarissa GantongMohammad Shakibคาร์ฟ ฟูคาร์ฟ ฟูImelda de CastroBen Aaron Hollisi perfer pepsi,better the coke,Ali Hassan MangiYu KruchhFrancesco Porruİlkin AslanlıDavid Franceประเสริฐ ช่างหล่อAnshul DadureMoiz MazherRashid RajpootRashid RajpootBoat KpzoneChris JohnChantéllé MaddenRyan Burns CunninghamBjartur Ari HanssonMathias EiblerAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAndrea MancaAhmed Bin WaliDudás KrisztaJosh Shaquifa TajtelbaumMd Anik AhamedAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadAwais AhmadMB ShupToMB ShupToMB ShupToMB ShupToChinnawat Chritty KamnodnaeOr the feeling of diabetesKelvin ADaikiBoyzanReşad Qeribovতাজুল ইসলামAwais AhmadFuck off!Nabyl Ahmyd SaghyrJade ColeyMada AdrianaSimon WrightSimon WrightSimon WrightKhalid K. WidatallaAwais Ahmadرنا عبداللهرنا عبداللهحامد الهلاليValentina Valyاسامہ حسین صدیقیSan San Thidar MaungSan San Thidar MaungMoustafa Dahabرنا عبداللهAddMuhammad Ali Haiderwhen is Pepsi Man 2 coming outSan Lin TunCheri Louise McCullochMatt WilkinsonKyle WhitePaul WrightDon't waste your time just drink Pepsi. Pepsi thaa pi gayaSafrin Amin AntoraTanvIr AnjumGhiran Ionut-RazvanIftesham FaizeeIftesham FaizeeNot apple juice that's stinkingPål StraithAshwinder SinghMike TandyYin KoJoel JenningsTasneem MajdiIgor MajRyan DaviesHassan JavedThat tastes cleanVlad SerbuMomchil ValchevZiad KhattabNicole ŌshiroMiroslav BajákDee CoddJames Coxป.วันทน์ อัศมรักษ์Ahmed Eid KasimAhmed Eid KasimAhmed Eid KasimCiaran DunsdonAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaAshraf Fathl Abdalla KuwaZozo AwartaniFarrukh AqilIsaac BurlòMaala MhelanieRaf MadrilejoRather drink cold waterSimone CostanzoRayhan F MahmudGino LouieBoonyapanphong Featuring WongsuwanReyana HasanSalem JamesI don't want to see this companyMalkhaz PanozishviliPepsi for me B E P I SQ Imtiyaz Hussainالطيب احمدMartin Zrako ZrakRăzvan Andrei MincuMohand AlsadigAlicia GhiergheAlicia GhiergheAlicia GhiergheAlicia GhiergheSamari Alismatales ZotmundVibeke NessDanijel DevicKatjuša KrpanKatjuša KrpanKatjuša KrpanDare for moreUmme-safia ArshadItzz Normalpepsi all the way, just sooo refreshing...Abdul HaseebShaikh WajeehКирил КириловRony SaHanicePamela Ann Wainstein-StollerMuhammad Imran BhāţťîIsmar ZunicGeorge SotirovMarj AdvinculaIlenia PannoneMohammed Alhadi GamarKitsanawan Janjao HongngamBRING BACK PEPSI CRYSTALPanuwat ThiangpaKali ArulShammiul Haque SirajiMD Mustahidur Rahman TuhinM Iqbal ChaudharyMO OKTeo PitNiamh Porter PayneNiamh Porter PayneNiamh Porter PayneMatt DickinsonFrancesca SerafiniFrancesca SerafiniFrancesca SerafiniCoca Cola compares at least better than pepsiImran AhmedGoga MonikaOskar CzarneckiJuntilla HoneymarenMusa ShahidAlicja GolimowskaWe need donations for charity partyLucia L Cuambe CuambeNaruphol KantiZoya SiddiqueFionn BrowneR José RTOmmy NationPm AngelesPm AngelesLouise RayKrishna Krish RockGiorgi KokiashviliKrisi van AmsterdamBaucha ManavJamie Impey SeniorPeppe FicheraRai FyhamAdriel A. NierraAlexandru ȘparhatTornike Baratashviliสิบ หนึ่ง พฤษภาRussell DarkDanny Dobins Robinsأسعد السمانيHuzaifa HayderArman Alquirozبكري الهاديKeith FarrugiaNotification.Ronn Pérez OmaidoDeven SharmaAlexandra GagaMuhammad Asim Iqbal MughalHenz DurcaA-Khan AriyanSven Godler MajerleMuhammad HaseebShahzaib HaiderLotte FischerNiceChaudhry AsadSami Khanমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানমাহফুজ হাসান খানFarouk Al-ShnawiHassan Iqbalอุลตร้า แมน โนอาอุลตร้า แมน โนอาSuwat SuwannawatJohn HartWhere've you been mate you haven't posted in a whileOscar Perrin1Roddur HeemJovan PavleskiMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirMd Mohtashim KabirFahmidul Islam RumiFahmidul Islam RumiMubashir IrshadEdin SkenderiAN BAChristabel Anokwu AnokwuPL SalandananGlen CawleySaidul IslamChris ButlerNuwan ChathurangaNuwan ChathurangaNuwan ChathurangaNuwan ChathurangaNuwan ChathurangaAbdur Rahim ZidniWelcome to Facebook PepsiThe last Facebook PR Girl got sacked. Have only just replaced herJørn Kurt SimonsenGaby Regenbogenpony PlesnikJørn Kurt SimonsenAngelino BauqueChris James SweetNguyễn Hữu ThắngJack WestonZach NewtonCairah CassarAhmed B DaoudNoe ChoiWahyu Ronaldo FagundezDaniel CavalierAdagbon EmmanuelFarhat Abbas MirzaFatema Tuj Johora MohuaWaqar KhanShaharyar Khanสุพรรษา โพธาวรรณ์Usman Mehdi JanjuaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaFrancesco VicchiarellaMike Bouškai think there are posting there first after the verification from facebook for official page hahahPrabath Nipun KumaraKazim Raza KhawajaKazim Raza KhawajaKazim Raza KhawajaKazim Raza KhawajaLets dabMc G Makaveli RaymondMc G Makaveli RaymondFarhan Tanvir NabilFarhan Tanvir NabilWtf is up with all these gooseShukh Samirai pepsigive me shirt pls.....محمد ابراهيمAsh BradleyBurak Karaaslan100 likes on this or nahh?Daniel ConstantinHii Pepsi, welcome backNatasha StolsMatteo CasartelliMohammed JamalYousef SuleimanFederica Di CarloNazar TaydaletSorry I prefer CokeNeel PaponPee Kay HemsFederica ButtiglieroVery good thanksfully photographyRJ MayinVukvovic AtebazileGoes well with JD and Jim beamsEvan AlamKamila ListośChimdindu JenniferChimdindu JenniferChayon DharSun WinHani Abd Al RahmanMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiMatteo BardiJacobo Bukert BröerJacobo Bukert BröerImam Hasan HasiYaaaasssss Pepsi Holly SterlandHolly SterlandMalik WaseemShin Thant LwinMohaned FathallahHitoshi SaitoI wAnt to sell facebook id
contact with me through skype :shupto007Salman HaiderSalman HaiderSalman HaideryeahDanish RehmanSopanha ChanTahseen Ahmed DhruboRahat IrrfanSteiss LeeNikolay GenovEyansby Lês Yeûx OuvertsYou ok Pepsi, not posted in a whileChristopher Heal-pritchardMike BouškaSyeda SabahatTanvir Rahman ApuSafril SidaurukMaria AsratScott ColleyHusaminho ElloubaihMuktadir Hasan DiptoDanish RehmanOh HoHarry ClaytonThe smell of the greasepaint?Hizbuallah KhanLiChi Roy ChienJordan RatcliffeMuhammad Farhan SaleemNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluNiSa SariogluJosh WalkerMD Tarequl IslamAmjad Manzoor dark pepsi?Akoo AlsosaHahahaha this annoying sticker Hammad QureshiRuksar AhamedRuksar AhamedFransisca Livyลีโอสายซึ่ง ชุมแพBasit SoomroAbdullahi Adekunle AkeemWhat's with all these bird stickers?TRUE LOVE. It can compare to a roar of a crowd.Suheel AhmedSumon ChoudhuryWayne Thomas RichardsonSarah LairdKhawaja Haris MajeedRemik SkutnikAlaa HatimZubair DarThat comments tho ! The fck !Ftooma HashimFatmah Chayank KamoeYazan AltanirSeamus FitzgeraldYouSaf RajPutMike BouškaSteff KolačUzair AnwarPhavixey SayavongAmy JayneMosó TiborArif MRodel GomezBall BallBall BallBall BallBall BallBall BallBall BallBalhotz Chavez CañeteBalhotz Chavez Cañeteعمر القاضيAlvee M S KhanRiccardo M PolidoroKieran McAnallySix SamuelSyifa RivandaGiuseppe RussoMilena DanchovaAlexandra BalogCodrut ColibabaCodrut ColibabaAli Abbas KhanMuhammad NomanRemik SkutnikSuthinee Lertwasanathere is scarcity of Pepsi in my state what is d problem???AitimStorySok MakaraHucen HalylMehedi Hassanකේපී රනිල්Jahan ZarinWhat's with the fucking trash dove repeated all over for? ???Jakub NarewskiRobi KocsisLarry RisalitiNoorish MughalBobbie BoAlexandru KlaudyuDario LombardoEd MorrisAli Mer GaniRandhoRezziTC Şebnem SarvazlarTC Şebnem SarvazlarTC Şebnem SarvazlarTC Şebnem SarvazlarTC Şebnem SarvazlarTC Şebnem SarvazlarAlvin Gordon GentilAlvin Gordon GentilKyle GranvilleLina AhmedRed Ant SrisamaiLarysa ViscovoMuzamil TariqTU GAEzekiel EazyCarolina Amaliaกฤษดา อาจธานีJònás GergőLogan Honeydew BottCarolina Amaliaஜென்சி சின்னபயல் ரெங்கசாமிஜென்சி சின்னபயல் ரெங்கசாமிJack ChalmersSalman AhmedMikkel Thorngaard ThøgersenИвайло ИвановAlina PenchevaGitte Bavnsgaard JensenShazadul Awal RonyVitamin's GâyNghiệnওয়ায়াল্লাJulian ZenzMd Golap RazI love Pepsi.more than coca cola.and my love it too up pepsiSayedul Kibria ShishirCarolina AmaliaCarolina AmaliaCarolina AmaliaCarolina AmaliaCarolina AmaliaCarolina AmaliaCarolina AmaliaSyed Umer ZahidSyed Umer ZahidImRan Kh AnAh J'Ka RealКирил СтанковWelcome backHate this doveFrancis KayAsim Sajjad KhanMalik Altafไอ'ดื้อ อินดี้Zakir HossainMuhammad BilalPepsil is my favourite drinkPepsi its No 1 in WORLDΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςDG IstineΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςΤοπούζης ΑργύρηςJohny Collinsบ้านตุ๊กตา พ่ออ้นNaashif Mohamedwelcome back Pepsi, ROOOAAARRRRHmm Katy Perrys cokeNoman EssaniAndrea ColapintoAndrea ColapintoMehmood MalikHate Pepsi don't know how the hell I liked this page.Pedro Kalianguila PierreFrancis KayFrancis KayBreinner SalazarBreinner SalazarReijessie Umayam CondoyReijessie Umayam CondoyReijessie Umayam CondoyUmar Mumtaz MinhasKelvin U. EnriquezNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanNahiduzzaman KhanBalogh Lászlóদেবাশীষ দীপ্তজাহেদAna CarolinaShenice GowlerKashi GoldKashi GoldVlada KisinFadiga OsManoj Muthusivamصباء سجادAshraful Islam HimelKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenKaela PenwardenMoe EmadMoe EmadMoe EmadMoe EmadMoe EmadBorcsi DonkóAna Matavele RalphianaTälha TajaMmalPeayean MathJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleJamie EntwistleI hate pepsi.....Eve WilmerWilliam Brian BirdsallA.H. PappuBest Cola EverFlorence Akosua GyeduaaLinda KrálíkováSoladoye Abiola Tupupu ObadeleSoladoye Abiola Tupupu ObadeleMufrat FahadUzayr HusaynWhat happen ??Farhan RajputSaad Ahmed MuzzammilTaiwo RidwanOscar PerrinSharoz KhalidWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonLaurits Vissing DeinMuhammad AhmedSingthar LntZulqarnain HaiderStrangerr PavelValéria UrbánRonel PasicSudarmani DarSuriyo Tikz PansamranEshiraba DoryLuqman HakimLuqman HakimCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkCharlie ClarkAbdulfattah MubaslatCai Beynon-parrisHarold Mark NiñalDimitar KulevNicolas BattistoniJesiel Hohenheim ElricMuhammed Muzammil ZakiUmal JayasingheNathan RobertsEve WilmerTukummeq QujaukitsoqEve WilmerEve WilmerEve WilmerEve WilmerEve WilmerEve WilmerCHAY KAYJoy TalukderRobin Rønne LundFuck that shitSoft Drink KILLSJean Marc RiouxVic KyAsif Munir WazirRH RashedDolan GhoshXoyanta JoyEmilia GaleIgwe Ikemefuna Denis LinusPearlin GuillonNopZelo ChpMorgan HarrisonHeytham Algzooliy EltipHeytham Algzooliy EltipHeytham Algzooliy EltipDato PetriashviliNothing compares to the regular Pepsi <3Saikat Mandal TanuSaikat Mandal TanuMd Tanvir AzizRam Charan BVic WeaverGiulio RaponeJustin MariţaBenjamin Von KollárReal Madrid will win haters gonna hate Waqar Zaheer SipraGio RodriguezF**k u allAkibur Rahman AkibColas are worst and Pepsi is like Sugary sh*t dumpEast or west pepsi is the bestCoffee HlonklangMiad Hasan RatulAsadujjaman NoorAsadujjaman NoorCJ ALBrad ŠidPepsi why? I've been feeling tastySahariyar Chowdhury EmonAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarFirst time Pepsi postedAkinmola SeggzstarUmer TahirAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarAkinmola SeggzstarErkan FetaiArm NontapatTaylor SwitchAbbas KhAnAlh Abdulwahab Adisa SubairFahad MobarokL'Archeveque NoirWhatz thisМерхан АспаруховDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarDhaval ParmarMarkus CallesenMarkus CallesenAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanAli ZeeshanMd Badrul Alam AbirAbdul Rehman Ahmed ShaikhSEy Ah                        Ken Robin Johnsen    আমিরআমিরSheikh Mansoor AhmedTnita Pexkee JaTnita Pexkee JaConnor PolsonConnor PolsonHumza AliMeherab AyonMian RashidMian RashidShyan AhamedPap Pipatقادر الزجاليقادر الزجاليAlessandro PaniCharlesMian RashidStop destroying our rainforest for palm oil, Boycott !Max it out!!!Ansar Ali MurtazaAnthony YnohtnaWhat's with the friggin purple bird???Mian RashidMian RashidMian RashidMian RashidMian RashidMian RashidMian RashidChristony LisondraChristony LisondraChristony LisondraChristony LisondraChristony LisondraShams JonySgtpanom Ton ChantrolShaban JugujuPreetom MazumderPreetom MazumderPreetom MazumderDafa-alla IdressMian RashidRayna Weyla MeloOr the same old drink and nothing newAndre Smilez YoungMd Ali HasanTuấn BìnhLeah DaviesKamilo SedziakKamilo SedziakAnas HashimFarhana Rasni SarkerI'm former Pepsi company employeesSyed Mustafa YazdaniFarhan SadeedMohammad Nure Alam SaifFaryal NoorNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroNisar Ahmed AbroSamy ShahZubair ShahZubair ShahAlexandra LuțăShaon Bhattacharjeeمحمد عريف الرحمنwaiting ..Is it there where ever i go
It is so annoyingPatrick Malusi MzimbaConnor NorthI love Pepsi..Syeda RAdeBoye BabAjide HemperorSashindra ThennakoonThomas MaierMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoMaria Paula M. MacedoRuhma FarooqDnulada KookDnulada KookDnulada KookDnulada KookThanh Tranمحمد بلةمحمد بلةمحمد بلةUsman HaiderÁdám LukácsAdam UrbášekAdam UrbášekAdam UrbášekMd. Ashik MahmudWilkie WilkinsonIusha KhanOliver CardyHarshvardhan HujareShaanPreetom MazumderPreetom MazumderAna-Maria DorungaSince when .. ?Rana AwaisMy mom's roar sure doesHazel Myat Noe KhinUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryUsaMa ChouDaryMirza Saym Khaledfirst time in 2017? ?av really missed you guys like madtსერგი ბრაჭულიDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiDancan KiruiWidodoRnk AfridiA Gold K StoneBorsos Csaba BenjáminWow i love pepsiLuKa TamazashviliSoo AliImran GhumanDenis DennisTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanTushar ArmanAlonso FabiánAlonso FabiánAlonso FabiánAlonso FabiánAlonso FabiánAlonso FabiánAlonso FabiánAlonso Fabián#**** Pepsi ****#I do like Pepsi but I like cocoa cola zero too latelyMari Andrealli Maria EugeniaMari Andrealli Maria EugeniaSeksan BoonpladSahin DavidoffRezi AleqsandriaMy best drink so far....NiceOsama Ghairatعلی رضا علویMohammad Riyad Hasan BhuiyanChris MillerDan LondTony Ayah Lintang SennaAnwar SyahMihajlo Jeff MuškićMAlick Bkr BahlimWhere have you been since?Sean PillaySyed MujaddidBîlãl RáfîqGerrybel MendozaGerrybel MendozaGerrybel MendozaGerrybel MendozaGerrybel MendozaLiao YuMateo Barbadillo Abedan Jr.Mateo Barbadillo Abedan Jr.Mateo Barbadillo Abedan Jr.Marko LilicMuhammad Zakaria Hossainابو بتالHamim RahmanExcept a v8 Hyder E BabikerKo Htethttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i/
?akid=27904.9828
428.qS3Hry&rd=1
&source=fwd&t=3I wish to taste you right now. :VLove Pepsi xZohaib HussanIshan MirandaIshan MirandaIshan MirandaIshan MirandaWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonWilkie WilkinsonMarzanul Islam MahinRoxana RaduAbid Jaman RafiAndrei CosminAndrei CosminAndrei CosminAndrei CosminYuu HongRaheen F. KhanSaima AliI LOVE PEPSI. i saw you in my CCTV. wowVanilla flavour and wild cherry flavour in the uknothing compares to you pssssss! arbb! hmmmmImran GhumanSuliman SagarFreedom Noah DevopsFreedom Noah DevopsFreedom Noah DevopsSorin ConstantinLiquid crack in a canAbida KhanAbida KhanMohammed AlnzerYatharth SaraswatYatharth SaraswatYatharth SaraswatYatharth SaraswatYatharth SaraswatProjjal KhisaGalal A SmanElëníë Metisse LamourNonnaphat PhunphoemTaNvir SohanTaNvir SohanRafakat Zaman KhanRafakat Zaman KhanLorna Razon VillaresMarvel HuardeNazmul Hossain RayhanLorenzo CesoliniShakeel Ahmed KhanMihai LondonezuMihai LondonezuKick this emo in the butt very hard :pHazrtullah ZhmanShah ZainZikk JzYan YongJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames Priestleyup?                    Sazzad HossainUsman AzizUsman AzizUsman Azizปอนไง' จะไครละ'Jovan DimitrievskiAsad ShaikhHo cillaini diai goal dia dien ball e lathi dewar dorkar neiFaye-louise BillingtonChloe Martin MeirSimone MalafronteDeea Andreeaดาวิกา ลาหล้าเลิศJunayeed Abdullah TusarLekgalake Jeffrey Mokabawho doesn't love Pepsi? 
weird people Umar Saleem#Live_For_NowIm drinkining Coca colapepsi most beautiful dirnki love papsiSaddam HossainZaid BassamJeason Mar Alburo FortinSallak BarbaraPepsi u r too slow .. posting for the first time .. :oWadcharakorn WuangkhunthodI LOVE PEPSIManzar Iqbal Malikภานุพงศ์ นิรมลAbrar Asif KhanHaseeb RahmanMatyáš TáborskýHaseeb RahmanMJ Lao CambaNicodemo BertolussoNicodemo BertolussoNicodemo BertolussoBrowning Chin Eva BlessBrowning Chin Eva BlessWadah KamalWeeraphol NinwareeBest Siwati love PepsiAbdullah Al MamunJittipong DonloeiDewan Mahfuzur Rahman MridulBabək Niftəliyev Arup Chandra DasAhmed RazaAhmed RazaDanial Arif MalikFazil FerecovFazil FerecovFazil FerecovFazil FerecovFazil FerecovEllis Drew FarrantAvijit Usha JhaAvijit Usha JhaAvijit Usha JhaAvijit Usha JhaAvijit Usha JhaJohnny RichterNeliko BnsaMynur Rahman ShimantoEhsan Afzallooking goodD 'Spike' FlemingSava Florin AdrianAli Naqi RizviDare for more!My bestI love taking Pepsi.I love pepsiyes pepsi. ......Dogma SitoeMarci VisztMarci VisztMarci VisztIrinyemi Ayanyemi IwabijesuSteven HuangMd FoysalI want glass bottled pepsi!!!I love PepsiЯро Н.Emil Ranjan DasYasir MeoDax Ace PDDax Ace PDWake upOh fuck, the birb had invadedShami TariqSaad BantwaAwotedu Kahzim KaysoloNew NakinMy wife loves Pepsi dieWow niceElefontuyi Titilope Ikusনাহিদ হাসান সৈকতGaby MihaiHira WaQarAneel ChaudaryAneel ChaudaryShofi Uddin Khan ShohagArindam PaulMegha Moni KhanNouman Ahmadএই মন চায় যে মোর...পেপসিKen OnwurahKen OnwurahKen OnwurahKen OnwurahKen OnwurahJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyJames PriestleyCamila DiazATif NaZir BidHarAbId M HossainAbId M HossainMuiz Mehdi NaqvibebsiLabib Zaidiإبراهيم مجدي أنورKripa SubbaMeenoy KeosavanhMohamad KahfiBee PhadunglarpKaine SweeneyKovács NóraEstera Rothquenches my thirstSamra AhmedMisho MenabdishviliIrfan Ahmed VistroSébastien CrescencePepsiFantastic Pepsi !Johnnie LeocorpioJohnnie LeocorpioJohnnie LeocorpioJohnnie LeocorpioNika LukavaMako KvernadzeKeli ApriantoZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaZaigham RazaSilea CosminTotoy Alferez MoperaXoren CymricFilip RumanFahim Ahmed SevenFahim Ahmed SevenSadman Sakib PrantoAlee AbbasAlee AbbasBabah TalonMd Tahmidul IslamΓιάννης Αρμύραςthanks for the shareAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşYaw Thu ReinPatr IceSamil SalmanSafee Ur Rehmanصآبر آلهوآشلهNaveed ArifYou should improve on your advertisementcool storyMyo San Min HtunGuys check me rightEarn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 3500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link at http://
myduty.online/
app.php?id=16999
6 Guys this is real my friend was paid 400$ yesterdayEduaneKhizar Ejaz'sRusu AdrianMuhammad Ahmed SiddiquiMuhammad Ahmed SiddiquiOmer HashimGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageGraham PageElmin SinanovicJulia AntoniukMartin Mato MatkoElmin SinanovicElmin SinanovicBilal MughalShafqaat HussainKuan SesombutRyan R Pratama;)Yes it me peciHelloClyde VisitacionAbdullah Omar Asifวัฒนากรณ์ เหล่าคงถาวรAndrei C BucurTagelsir Ibrahimგაგა ჩხაიძეAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi CiuşAdi Ciuşอ๊อฟ นะจ๊ะErickNatasha KatSimiãh MiahSimiãh MiahAhsan UllahMuhammad RafayJack Morgan PepsiPepsi. Roar of the world. :D :pThankxamen.love u pepsiI luv 2 join ur futball teamAngela BonguardoSafet ZumberovicMustafa SungurAyman AdamArkan SyrianDamian StgPrinces Solyn ZamanagreedYou ok pepsi u aint posted in a whileOh oh PepsiMuQadas AhmadZaiMuQadas AhmadZaiWatcharee JaroenratSlavisa JovanovicRobin AahsanDrexx CaterMarwan AlkanzyWiktoria KubiakAhmed IbHit like if you don't use this sticker yet, like me!Malik Akbar KhakhTanjida Binte MohsinSerge MacapagalSerge MacapagalFlorin GavrisAzfer BaigAzfer Baigสุภาพร พลจันทึกOmda MaxTaoWanchai SaichomПотапов КоляАнтон МельниковKhalid Sharif CheemaRenatta FichiuCosmin NicusorCosmin NicusorCosmin NicusorCosmin NicusorCosmin NicusorIkechukwu KingsleyUsman Zafarshare a moment with pepsiWhat Crowd! do you Still Have?? Welcome Back Pepsimy favourite soda is back... best shared with friendsSorin LehmannPEPSI COLA, I PROUD OF pepsi cola.I love pepsi..Antonio Masullohmmmmm,refreshi
ngPepsi fk is outside nw o#dareformoreSheikh CaesarPepsiCina KalantarliРефаел СеферлиGeorge Matthias Lupunice storyJobayer Hossan ShuvoAhmet Enes DemiralAhmet Enes DemiralAhmet Enes DemiralSevda DuralSevda DuralSevda DuralSevda DuralI don't love Pepsi..Mohammed HassanMohammed HassanMohammed HassanHasnain KhanWidad TanveerWidad TanveerNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj PatelNiraj Patel9Pipes~~~~pepsiEsip by pepsitwitter/ig: phensyllejazZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreZak DoreNiceNo thing can .Lillo RomaAhmed Abd El-BarAsk for more! Nosre ChejEmaan SheikhEviq Cewex Lngexi prefer pepsiPepsi dare fo moreKazi Fahim SababCool and nice to take always B-)Alexandros AlexandrosSaleh AlktolyCj BarlowKen RenarMhaiiRəşad HacıyevAoun KaxmiMichael Jackson Agreed ..Stevenson LaurenStevenson LaurenAhmed Ahssian FarhatSyed Shuja Abbas ZaidiAqsa SherazRazan KassirwowAbdul Razaq Akanni JonesAbdullah Janjuaسکندر شبیرNuraddin QuliyevMahpara Karim MughalMd. RakibuzzamanRocky TorresOh my god, so many birds!U're welcome#PEPSIMOREPepsi tastes like shitAndrej LutcenkoDumitrache AnarghirosNajam SheikhNajam SheikhNajam SheikhPatchakorn RuanjanShani ShaniStefano PalumboAleksa ŠarenacDumitrache AnarghirosRayhan PrinceTóth ErikNajam SheikhNajam SheikhNajam SheikhNajam SheikhNajam SheikhHarry BarkerGavin RemediosDumitrache AnarghirosTor Eivind RøvikStefano PalumboMehdi ShayanpourStefano PalumboDionymo DavidThierry MooreStefano PalumboDumitrache AnarghirosRayhan PrinceNajam SheikhSaqib AliStefano PalumboShani ShaniDumitrache AnarghirosDumitrache AnarghirosTudorel CostacheDumitrache AnarghirosGaetan BonniciIbad HussainDumitrache AnarghirosMartin KranjcNajam SheikhNajam SheikhDumitrache AnarghirosDumitrache AnarghirosMuhammad MoizSarfrazSrdjan MihajlovicBenjamin AsusNajam SheikhMuzammil SubhaniMarco Di PaolaХристо ГеновMůņëëŗ MëȟmõőđSatchin FerdinandWaQaS AwAnAashik IzzadeenAderytho Aryz RatukoreNam TrầnMuhammad Zain Ul AbedeinSantosh Bikram PandeySiwa JanphiromMoe Zaw AungAlex BuicanAndreas ParaskevidisHermann Antonio AloisioTravis WilsonOdin Normand LindstadRnel MarmitaAndre Karl DeligeroNathan WeetmanAlfie GrayJacopo Di PietroRenzo Jean Pierre MugaburuFabio MandaraNawar TalliRaniel Myron DepusoyClaudio CaJem SezginFadul FayezFadul FayezKrasimir ZarevDaniyal ShahAli HaiderGeorgel PopNeil Cuba WardFloreline N. EspadaBaek Hyun HyeBence BorbásOktavianus KarouwanRabia AshrafKristian KolstadKristian KolstadSteven CoulthurstJhin CreelfJenny GonzalezI love pepsiI just love cherry Pepsi it's the only soda I drinkYuki FahrizalBilal UddinMyDear-Narak Chevanon SattratanathipAhmed RafatPepsi greatest welcomeSultan AmunDinh Trung TienMuhammad AsadWowMd Jibon ChowdhuryPWhy has Pepsi posted "for the first time in a while"...??
Was Pepsi asleep all the "while"...??
NicePepsi lover :*Ammar Di Vaiojust pipsiCoca-Cola Helmut KalcherSyed Shahid Ahamed HasibRootbeer please...Munguambe Edelمحمد الباشاء الباشاءRakibul SikderTegar NarendraNicolai Martins SchiongInteresting!I like PepsiKacper KarczLinus Leonard ApolinaryLinus Leonard ApolinaryMozblink InnovationPepsi #AbkheljamegaZ D. Louis JnrWhat is this ??First time post in 2K17Pepsi still best drinkBut why?pepsi loveบาลาบาล บาลาบูบาลาบาล บาลาบูluv Uevery one love pepsiDrink that always cool your mind #Pepsi NigeriaJust wonderingAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarAsad RajarNiceOmar AltayebLongest time Pepsi!!!Patrik VastagIlyas RehmanisuperbJim Yañezthanks for the shareGREAT DESIGNWow wow it cool first time evergood#PepsiAmbiousrespectTrue talkSimply love PepsiIt's been long I see Pepsi in my area oooIF I WON THE LOTTERY, I WOULD PROSECUTE PEPSI, COKE AND THE REST OF YOU FOR CORPORATE MURDER, BECAUSE YOU ARE FULLY AWARE THAT ALL YOU DO IS PRE MEDITATED.Giovanni Padoin MancusoLIKEI want crystal pepsi!!!Nicebest soft drinkRumaisa HaiderEri SanjayaEri SanjayaJonas VagheniPepsi challenge taste the coke.Michele SillaroSharJeel BaločhSharJeel Baločhyes pepsiLove  Pepsi Suleman HarisSuleman HarisSwarup Barman ShuvroSA SajalNatthwut Rattikannonwhat took you so longRizal TRizal TRizal TPEPSI DRINK WELLCorrect drink pepsi My best drink ever ..i love pepsiHmmmm finally u guys hv postedNuroell Al HudaWittayatorn Pariyaysutthiduck fuck TrumpChrïs ChänTawatchai ChuangStrat CostyGood morningFalak RomioEngr M Shoaib ArainEngr M Shoaib ArainEngr M Shoaib ArainEngr M Shoaib ArainI love itgood#PEPSI Dailey echo. NSW Pepsi no sug FreeEazziry there is no pepsi in abuja?https://
youtu.be/
QxNyDjAxzcEnwootthere for more oooKurt Russell KrI love Pepsi cola...Thirsty without pepsi is pepticPepsi is the best!!!!!Eddie Chris KissI really love pepsiPEPSI,LAYS,NIKN
AKS,MAPHA,SOFA SLAHLANEاحمد اسامه احمدIhatepepsiIhatepepsiI hate PepsiThe new pepsi loli love pepsi.Wawu I love pepsiNice...NiceFarel#Coca_Cola is Good ! #Pepsi is Goooooood :)Prefer it over any soft drink and its much cheaper than Coca-Cola in South Africa.love to PepsiPEPSI means Pay Every Person to Save IsrailAdrian SyachRoarYe Ez LinAny promotionsVE WON PEPSI UK 2018 ANNIVERSARY MY IS GUYAN CHONGO- AGE 24YEARS-0975313
303- 102/
3A-KANTANSHI-MUF
ULIRA-ZAMBIAI love diswow that's greatNicePepsi cool drink!Kamran MemonAl Shift AhmedPEPSI is verry good drinkdude NICELove pepsiPepsi is very good, I like it (y)Pepsi i like itjAzizur RahmanAzizur RahmanAzizur RahmanAzizur RahmanAzizur RahmanIle EmanWhat happenedFires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! Stop lighting the fires, Pepsi!nice storyNice #PepsiVivamaybe it a fake page,i guessMy Foot PepsiGoodI luv pepsi...yapIlove Pepsi and never 4get d taste mwaah...NiceAwww fabulous:-*Ali MahajneDaniel BarnardFx KamdoumDieu Khong DayKristóf PapFaysal PatiyaAbu Raselمیر شاہKeith CruzAndy OgdenKieran WatsonHmmmMian SarfrazBass YassAlfie EvansSushanto HalderFransisca FransiscaChính ĐặngEskil NordalFeras AbukhaznehLositano C EdKacper CharkiewiczIts been a while hereAsad KhanRebal ZahoorRafia HasanPang PangKai SisaathGiacomo ValloraniMohammad SuhagLuka ŽoharAbdulkadir Ghafuri BJess WebbDavid NewcombDavid NewcombGabriel Kuczman22niceNiceUmer MukhtarVcplas VcplasUmer MukhtarUmer MukhtarUmer MukhtarMuhammad ZɘɘSʜaŋ ɪqBalShamil Qulu-zadeRJ TheepanRJ TheepanCaleb DannAudree KhanThiagoCristian MarcovschiMhd Usman Ahmadi Love PepsiLove u Pepsi...MuahHow to win in the champions league promotion in uganda?Nyrae LawrenceNyrae LawrenceMohammad RashedFahmi Tarmizi Zulfikar ZeinMina BrownNelson Mousahttp://
www.yarquah1on1.
com/
go-school-founda
tion-organise-c
harity-party-ki
ds-public-suppo
rt-needed/Its a nice drink.thank you pepsiHira ChZainul AbidinZainul AbidinShamsul Alam SajibDwi Fajar NingsihRiezky Ari HardiansyahRiezky Ari HardiansyahRiezky Ari HardiansyahMuhammad Nawfal MehboobMilud DaaraStanisław AdamowskiPepsi causes gut cancer..plz don't drink itI love drinking Pepsi.Pepsi is very harmful for your health.Sanjoy ChowdhurySōmtōchūkwū Pātrīck ĀlōrhSanjoy ChowdhurySōmtōchūkwū Pātrīck ĀlōrhMohamed RiyazSalman GuhmanEltayeb AbdallahPlease means sell Pepsi,i need cooler box,my numbers,0710593
7201 iam winner from kisoroWhat they doing??????Pepsi for lifeNothing is the best but PepsiLwaa BattahRistea Miruna GeorgianaLwaa BattahLwaa BattahRana Asif AliNasib Shahriyar MonnaMuhammad MohammedPoom YosapatMohamed OmerBrian BulagnirPepsi is my favorite!so lovelyPEPSI IS A GOOD DRINK THAT MOST PEOPLE LOVE TO DRINK... & AS FAR AS I'M CONCERN, FOR ME & MY FAMILY LOVE DRINKING PEPSI...Zain Khan LodhiReina Alondra KibumWiz MonoHafiz GLoving it :):):)Dare 4moreOlatunde AlagaDanilo MiškovićAnggi BrianXourairaYuliia SeLightt YagamiLightt YagamigreatCo,farm.comCosmin RecosminDaca Zaric Ex BoskovicNasir AdamSaThYaN SKPsalm JTKaucha MilanMong MongkolTierney JacksonEdoardo GrecoLuke PreslandAtilla Güçlü GüçlüMonika LovašouaPepsi it's aliveeeee! New admin in town.congratulationsworst drink ever but good to die :3S M Anas NadeemYahau Wad HaronSelimŸâŠh KümãrZafar AbbasVinesha CanarapenAlan ThayssonIkechukwu KingsleyMohammad Bashir BangashLove Pepsi -\-\- hate Coca-Cola!!I love Pepsi Jahid ShovonCammi ChowAshraf El Alam ShojivTobias EriksenErikkkam bck home pepsiNice DrinkNice DrinkHaha i like it en i feel it Pepsi-cola u'r so cuteArshad MajorSondre LianAkintayo OfinniYousef MohamdNicole HandalUrban DsouzaUrban DsouzaAstonishA Oat Sixty-sixHaroon MaxGiacomo SantoroJade BishopDera Arians TanoeMunna Thanks for the post pepsi...live for now.1 iam winner from kisoroHail hail hail hsilLolpepsi what happened to its long time...Andres Himalla AmaliaCakraJeric N. CadienteI want to buy this page????Chris Hines Look at the comments hahahaNice drink i love itEzaj HanifPavel NguyenGive me oneConde Francisco MafigoAbood Abu ShamsiehFires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Love you Pepsi !WowJam Bilal Lar(Y) PEPSI is the best drink !...LIKE NO OTHERDo you manufacture and bottle Pepsi Max in Adelaide?Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Zeedajewelry ZeedajewelryShaikh KaifBader Khalloukiyes pepsi is besteNiceLongtime #Pepsi Is Back Am So HappyHAVE YOU EVER LISTENED TO THE SOUND OF THE FOREST - THAT COMPARES LIKE NOTHING ELSE - AND YOU ARE DESTROYING THE WONDERFUL BIODIVERSITY OF IRREPLACEABLE FOREST FOR YOUR OWN PROFIT. LOOK FOR ANOTHER WAY OF MAKING UP YOUR PEPSI ....... PLEASE!!!!http://
onebillioncoin.b
iz/obcs/
registration/
index.php?ref=th
eproniceEpPepsi just posted for the first time in a whileI love #PEPSICoca Cola is betterCRE... !dutykat.com/
?ref=213149keep movingI love pepsiPepsi my best drinkPepsi just posted in a while?

Pepsi what happened to you ?

Pepsi are you a slyWatch Big Brother Naija LiveHow about winning the LOTTO. That can compare to a roar of a crowdNiceWowNicecool storyniceWhere have you been???????????
???????So?I LIKE THE TASTE AND IS CHEAPER THAN COCA COLA IN NIGERIANHow about PEACE. Peace can compare to a roar of a crowd.Ferdaus Mostafa ShahinHiNothing compares to the roar of the crowd.
(PEPSI)WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OO BOIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIGooD 

  al-juba.tk https://
www.facebook.com
/DailyCaller/
videos/
619072028554806/
UzpfSTQwNzI3OTkw
OTQyMTEyODoxMzM
zNzc0MTMzNDM4Mz
Yz/http://
www.tubemp.com/
download/
kuch-kuch/Maxo Mixelidzehttp://
myduty.online/
?id=172528pepsiWow the new pepsiEmonPepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/HahahahahahahaAHAHAHAHAHAHAhttp://
www.diamondfount
ainmedia.tv/
home/
big-brother-naij
a-live/Its reall 100%
http://
dollar2refer.com
/?ref=56890superbWellpepsi as come again with the greath taste drink a bottle of pepsi and u shall be bless in jesus name AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!
!CONGRATS! YOUR MOBILE NO HAS WON $850,000 IN NEW YEAR 2018 PEPSI PROMO USA. TO CLAIM PRIZE, SEND YOUR NAME, ADDRESS NUMBER TO: pepsidbc@hotmai
l.comCameron Robertson nothing compares matehttps://
www.facebook.com
/
kenttpurewater/The tast that quench thirsty check its quality, non acoholic, and more! Zaynab Mhdkareem Fairoz Faiz Khan Kareem Tajudeen SolaBsharat Ahmad <3 <3 <3Jeff DuffyMiranda fruity my drinkElla Charnley do the roarDenis DennisKiarash SepahmansoorHussam Kyle Neale Roar!!Barney lolShannen-Alannah
Paxton the commentsHello!!! Do you want to be a member of the great Illuminati and start
receiving 2,000,000,00USD
monthly and be popular among others and have
riches and fame,,this is the only chance of being of the Illuminati..I was
sent by the Freemason high chief in United States of America. to bring 52 members into the Illuminati,I
have gotten 32,so we looking for 20,,so try and be among the twenty people
to be rich and famous??
If you are interested whatsapp (+1- 386-259-1874)https://
www.facebook.com
/
kenttpurewater/http://
www.diamondfount
ainmedia.tv/
home/
big-brother-naij
a-live/Thought you'd like to see what is being posted on Facebook about your company
https://
www.facebook.com
/
story.php?story_
fbid=1819294295
062569&id=10000
9460476936Still using conflict Palm Oil and driving Orangutans to extinction? How wonderful! https://
www.ran.org/
tell_pepsico_to_
take_the_confli
ct_palm_oil_cha
llengeGorác KornélJimmy Kitson#SPORT_ADVERTISI
NGtitude #SPORT_TVCtitude @kwesecare #BBALLtitude #HOOPtitude #kwesecare #TROBAKtitude Like I said since Coke isn't giving me sheshe for the free P.R, let PEPSI BASKETBALL TVC slam dunk in i. SHAQ ATTACK PEPSI TVC https://
m.youtube.com/
watch?v=5VbXhZ2T
MC8 ii. https://
m.youtube.com/
watch?v=sdk6eJKR
bFU Uncle Drew in our era https://
m.youtube.com/
watch?v=8DnKOc6F
ISU #Pepsi100Percent
Live yep! #titudeIsAttitud
eIbrahim HaydarBayley Andrew HillSilvia CostantinoGerard Lasaitishttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1021175491
3939637&id=1572
270104Sasha Maria RobbinsRebekka Helweg Dal HansenSarah-Louise SmallSalem ChaibRaphael BühlmannJoakim TorpBiiBo Tag Contortionist.Daniel TolentinoGianlucaMahadi Salih IbraheemDominic SpeightNicehttps://
www.facebook.com
/greenpeaceuk/
videos/
1015471786484922
9/?t=61 How do you defend this?http://
dollarsplug.com/
?ref=141610<iframe src="https://
www.facebook.com
/plugins/
comment_embed.ph
p?href=https%3A
%2F%2Fwww.faceb
ook.com%2Fpepsi
%2Fphotos%2Fa.3
65573920146922.
72816.339150749
455906%2F123713
3739657598%2F%3
Ftype%3D3%26com
ment_id%3D12371
36046324034&inc
lude_parent=fal
se" width="560" height="119" style="border:n
one;overflow:hi
dden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"
allowTransparen
cy="true"></
iframe>AsAd Rajpouthttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=6OKSxE7J
CwsWHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
kachmarskyphotog
rapher/videos/
1399149780122522
/
?hc_ref=ARTsA_Iv
5gbGYB9-dbb2Jiz
NfDge5maWawNzQw
aMIvbrxC7kGjrTS
F5NS6N59MKLeQk&
pnref=storyhttps://
www.facebook.com
/SumOfUsOrg/
videos/
1265888386830492
/? Charlie HillChill In/out Friends! Isioma Hope Udogu Francis Chinonso Nneka Rosemary Mazagwu Adesina Rolly Lizzie John Odom Justus Chinaza Christopher Austine Bucci Rita Chiaha Tonia Reyes Stella-maris Nnenna Ukwu Ikeomu Arinze Elizabeth Lizy Hassan Ibukun Melvin Renolla Reginald Onyenwehttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=5798842888
86505&id=402117
336663202https://
gethelpworldwide
.com/
?ref_id=332068Hello friends, your awaited Comedy video is out!!!
Titled: Woli Oni'ro (Fake prophet)  
 Click to watch 

https://
youtu.be/
8tfV2rZ1oZ4
Facebook page: @ComicJokershttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=PTM5Fqxh
MNgTypes of Copying in the examination hall 

https://
youtu.be/
x9MiwZIThdg
Facebook page: @ComicJokersFollow me Follow me So Pepsi has broken its promise. I have one simple question: why? https://
www.facebook.com
/sharer/
sharer.php?u=htt
ps%3A%2F%2Fd.sh
pg.org%2F275694
240f%3Fsource%3
DfbYouTube channel:
https://
www.youtube.com/
channel/
UC1pN0ASWtTFBOCG
EWWj2nBw
Subscribe for subscribehttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=XpG3nbRd
HkAFollow me wao...
its awesom ...
i agreee with this . for more .....
https://
play.google.com/
store/apps/
details?id=com.m
zsol.cnninewshttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1290446511
041706&id=28675
3951410972https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=qYVRqN03
aHwAntonio MarkovićAntonio Markovićhttps://
www.facebook.com
/Prague11/Pepsi softdrink is evergreen. Please like our page on www.facebook.co
m/
RadioAfricaNetwo
rkWww.facebook.co
m/
Shampad.enterpri
seGo Pepsihttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=w4e5OQHC
glMAssalam O Alaikum !
I Deal In All kind of Xeon Workstations & Sever Machines For 3D Desgining & Rendering
https://
www.facebook.com
/pages/
Dell-Workstation
-and-Hp-Worksta
tion/
562946997063662?
ref=hl#AFFIRMATIONTRAI
N 17TH FEBRUARY.

I affirm that the light of God's Word is shining in my heart and in my path! The LORD is guiding me in the path of righteousness, and I am empowered to do the impossible. My capacity has increased: I am like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not. The Lord has raised me and my generation to build the old waste places: I will raise up a Godly foundations for many generations. Many shall call me the repairer of the breach, the restorer of paths to dwell in. Hallelujah! God has made me the head and not the tail; I am a source and a channel of blessing to the Nations of the world. Even in the worst economy situations, the Lord shall continually lead and meet all my required needs. My bones are given fresh strength and my mind is anointed to produce excellent innovations that will bless many generations. God is causing me to ride on the high places of the earth, and He's feeding me with the heritage of Jacob because I have chosen to delight myself in Him. Glory to God. Hallelujah!

Keep saying it, don't stop talking it! If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth. You can now reach us on:
• www.facebook.co
m/
affirmationtrain
• Kingschat: Affirmation train
• Instagram: affirmation_tra
in
•www.affirmation
train.wordpress
.com
Email: affirmationtrai
n@minister.com

Please do download more life changing messages through the link:
http://bit.ly/
2dZqtLQ God bless you.https://
coolvillain.word
press.com/2017/
05/31/
coca-pepsi/https://
www.facebook.com
/
Replica-Boutique
-at-UR-Doorstep
-19066952862256
22/http://
www.ebay.com/
itm/252798797074https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=cOVzAxS2
XOs&t=956sGet some discount on https://
www.iherb.com/c/
iherb-brands?rco
de=GIV1533Nichola GauntWe Will Rock You! http://adf.ly/
13050451/pepsiThat's CertainHI,

Hope you are doing well.

I am Ali Iqbal, Business Development Executive.

We are Karachi based Advertising company. We are offering multiple advertising solutions like digital marketing, Physical activity and vehicle advertisement services at modest rate.

What We Do:

Online Advertisement| Digital Marketing

• Banner ad (image or video) in local Pakistani sites.
• Regular ads on fixed price and fix time period.
• Target own Pakistani big website and put conventional banner.
• Facebook & Google paid ads.
• Publish your ad in specific website at certain time duration. Physical Advertisement | Promotional Activity

• Banner advertisement at your targeted specific public place.
• Setup Stalls and counter at public places.
• Representative shake hands and gives your product information.
• Representative take public views and suggestion about your product.
• Target specific malls, picnic places, markets at certain time.

Vehicle Advertisement | Billboards Moving

• Advertisement Trucks stand on specific roads
• Car banner Advertisement
• Rakshaw Banner advertisement (backside)
• Specific target area billboards moving at certain time.
• Advertisement Trucks (with or without LCD)

If you are interested in any of these Please share your proper requirement so we could send you best offer accordingly.

Thanks& Regards

Ali Iqbal
Business Development Executive
Adshor

Landline. 02134380882
Mobile: +92 310 224 4661
Email: ali@adshor.com
web: www.adshor.comhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=cOVzAxS2
XOsEita Suzukihttps://
www.kickstarter.
com/projects/
beercooling/
cooling-mixture-
for-beers-in-al
uminum-canLIKE MY PAGE AND JOIN OUR GROUP DeepWeb PH https://
free.facebook.co
m/
Deepweb-PH-18106
23152488189/ DEEPWEB PHILIPPINES https://
free.facebook.co
m/groups/
271206006635174?
refid=27 #GOODPM #SHAREhttps://
www.facebook.com
/greenpeaceuk/
videos/
1015371620107422
9/http://
www.huffingtonpo
st.co.uk/
john-sauven/
ocean-plastic-po
llution_b_17484
642.htmlFREE SPONSORSHIP> To get free sponsorship to develop your talent call 08062105706 or add me up now or visit and like www.facebook.co
m/bacclubhttps://
www.rt.com/
business/
379074-india-tra
ders-ban-pepsi-
cola/Sean - Fuck PepsiLooking for wholesale price in stoke on Trent . Head over to us . Cheers.Hi Are you looking for a LOGO Designer. Don't worry!. I am a Professional Graphic Designer with 4 years of Experience in Graphic Design.I have Completed so many Logo design Projects. I can design your logo with low Cost ,Unlimited Rivision . Contract Me: https://bit.ly/
2X0GcD5yo...
peeps....
anticipate
valentine shutdown...
2k18
a party u don't wanna miss
staring various..upcomi
ng artist
all the way from
Ballas Record
Scott
Tu_Turf
mayor...
live at ken galilel hotel 25 anuoluwapo street somolu
date feb14
host empire gang x dream city
hyped by
Jay
SBWStop putting profit before the planet! Destroying habitats that are crucial to endangered animals and the planet is a shameful way to make money.I will not be buying any of your products until you stop the destruction.Pepsi sort out your palm oil policy and I might consider drinking your drinks, behind your shiny, happy advertising campaign lies a trail of destruction - think long term and think about how you make your profits - you are destroying the planet for short term profit!Pepsi! Are you that greedy, that you need to ruin our planet just for your profits! Will your Grandchildren thank you for what you are doing to this precious Earth we all live on? We only have one! Shame on you!Hello Pepsi !Please cut conflict palm oil now ! You are knowingly harming the planet..pure greed ! We know what you really stand for...profit ! pure and simple ..how much money do you need,....when all our resources have gone....you wont be able to eat money you have made!! Use your wealth and influence to help to heal the planet not destroy it ! We will not stand for this !Hey Pepsi, After years and years of awareness of the plight of the planet, you produce a product #PepsiFire that leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! The world has seen evidence of the effects of deforestation - your greed flies in the face of all that we hold dear on this beautiful earth. You are profit driven and in that you have lost all moral consciousness. Shame, shame on your company. You are responsible - step up to the mark.Air pollution, dead animals, destroyed habitat and ice cold Pepsi. No thanks. Boycotting until you get some morals. May be quite a wait.Hey Pepsi - this #Pe­psiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harmi­ng communities, rain­forests, the planet, and worsening clima­te change. Cut Confl­ict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Stop using palm oil from cleared rainforest land, support take back schemes for your packaging, especially the cans, and take responsibility for what your product does to people and the environment and I just might buy a Pepsi.Pepsi burning rain forest trees to plant trees for palm oil which destroys animal habitat and increases global warming just so you can make yourself richer. Come on people it's our future and your kids future they're destroying buy another brand of drink boycott PepsiPepsi killing rainforest and everything who lives in it for Palm oil, god knows what else in the drink. The company doesn't care what damage is done to planet only filling it's bank account with money. If they allowed to carry on soon the Rain forests will be gone forever.You are exploiting people and the environment by pushing your vile unhealthy product! If you were a responsible company you would not be destroying vital rainforest! It is your duty to protect the environment and care for the health of your customers and our environment for future generations to enjoy.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!

As Pepsi gears up for the Super Bowl, now is the time to act. We need to ensure that all eyes are on Pepsi’s links to deforestation, not the hype.You would be more thought of as a company if yoyu led the way to conserving animal haibtat instead of allowing it to be destroyed. You are a huge company, you could, if you valued your customers, make a huge difference to the world we all live in.What the hell is wrong with this greedy company. This is 2017 and you are just destroying habitat as though it doesn't matter. Well clearly to you it doesn't but remember we have the Internet and what an amazing medium. Everything you do is exposed to the world!An investigation shows that PepsiCo and other greedy, immoral companies like them are causing massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem and will be causing extinctions. Pepsi you are an utter disgrace!!! Time you showed some respect for our planet!!Your products are already some of the most unhealthy there is and now you are hellbent and without any remorse on destroying the forest habitats that sustain the critical habitat of the elephants. Have you no shame or any morals? You quite happily keep making people obese and give them diabetes, but when it comes to irreplaceable elephants, you could not give a fuck! You are a total disgrace to any multinational and you will be destroyed at some other stage - take that as a guarantee.Pepsi MUST work to eliminate deforestation from its production line. The Leuser Ecosystem is widely regarded as one of the world's top-priority ecosystems, being the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. Why is PepsiCo not fighting to defend this habitat instead of destroying it?? Company ethics are essential!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s eventually linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPlease remove palm oil from the Pepsi family of products. Find a healthier fat to fry your doritos, ensure your supply chains are free of conflict palm oil which destroys rainforest habitats of sumatran elephants and defiles the water supplies.Instead of being associated with forward thinking and having a sense of responsibility,
your company is bathed in shame and destruction. Consider me, my family and all those that I can share this with, a non consumer of your products. Ever.Pepsi is complicit in the destruction of the Leuser Ecosystem - home to so much wildlife. Shame on you pepsi! We'll boycott you until you clean up your product.set a good example and stop destroying elephants' habitat by ceasing your environmental exploitation of the Leuser Ecosystem! while Pepsi isn't the only one to do this, you are the largest and have the chance to set an example for others plus garner yourself some good publicity! is this really worth it? if you think so, i think greed motivates you.When a company destroys the environment, they lose customers. When a company produces a highly acidic product they lose customers to inflammatory diseases including/
especially cancer, diabetes, heart disease etc. etc. When a company destroys animal habitat they cause extinction of species and upset The Balance of Nature and without so many trees, the very air we breath - they lose customers. When companies act unethically they lose customers. When a company does all the above and more it is a DISGRACE..... M.As such a large corporation who obviously influences everyone from children, young people and everyone else who buy your products I implore you to think about your responsibility to the environment and to stop this hideous destruction of this eco system. Everyone in the world relies on all of these ecosystems and without them there is no human race eventually! Do you really want that on your epitaph that you were the company that helped to destroy the earth? Shame on you! I would implore anyone not to touch your products until you start looking after the environment. Without it and us there will be no Pepsi!Well I for one am not buying Pepsi anymore, what part of no forests and animals no humans do you not understand!!! You should be totally ashamed of yourselves.oh and I intend that all my friends are going to be told about thisThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, please take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! You can make a difference!!!!I hate you for destroying our precious planet... not to mention that consuming your products is catastrophic to the body. Don't you care about the legacy of destruction and abuse you are leaving behind? PLEASE STOP!You are a parasite on the planet! There is NOTHING positive about your company or your drinks!!!! You know that sugar stimulates chemicals in the brain to get your consumers to become addicted to your products. You are just one huge DRUG dealer!!! Makes me sick!!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. I demand a change in Pepsi's production. STOP exploiting endangered habitats. NOWDo you really not care at all about our planet and the animals that live in harmony and the atmosphere? Is money the only thing you care about, come hell or high water??? Is there no other way than the destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) . This has to stop. Quite apart from the fact that Pepsi and all similar drinks are carcinogenic!! Remove palm oil from your products it will be a great start!Pepsi, stop,destroying
rainforest, habitat, environment for your profits. Everyone can do without Pepsi but the planet cannot be healthy without a balance of Nature. Find principle of integrity and cease destruction for money.What are you playing at? Stop destroying elephant, tiger, orang utan habitats. A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPepsi, have you no shame ... stop using conflict palm oil in your products. the expansion of palm oil plantations is destroying the Indonesian rainforest. The combination of deforestation, forest fires and palm oil production on the Leuser Ecosystem Area - classed as a raninforest in danger by UNESCO - has meant the already critically endangered Sumatran orangutan is now even closer to becoming extinct. What is wrong with you, have you seen a suffering animal in utter distress! Hang your heads in communal shame!!Do the senior management of Pepsico want their descendants to live in a world without biodiversity or is the share price and bottom line their only consideration? Change your palm oil policy.Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labor associated with Conflict Palm Oil.With a supply chain that includes conflict palm oil from Indonesia's critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem - the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest - I refuse to buy your products. It's time to act responsibly and lead the way by sourcing sustainably.I will be boycotting your company until you stop exploiting and deforesting the planet. You are contributing to loss of species and, ultimately, climate change and destruction of the planet. Time for corporations to stop this irresponsible behaviour and think of future generations of animals - and humans!!Pepsi is destroying lands endangered elephants and orangatans need to survive. I will boycot Pepsi from now on till they change their practices of cutting down frain forests!!Come on Pepsi marketing people. You know that pressure from conscious citizens isn't going to dissipate just by injecting a few millions in a Super Bowl ad. We're angry! Do the right thing for once and drop your link to forest destruction and species extinction. You might even feel a bit better about yourselves as a result.
Till then, we''re not backing down.
ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bnWhat is wrong with you? Why are you destroying the planet for the sake of a fizzy drink? Sure your most of your customers would be dumbstruck if they saw the extent of the destruction in the Leuser Ecosystem. Habitat of elephants decimated. Shame on you. Time to clean up your act NOW.Relax and don't worry about destroying virgin forest for your crappy snacks and contributing to the awful way this planet is going...its all fine as long as the shareholders are happy right?Pepsi - the cause of cancer, obesity, deforestation and animal extinction ... Time to RE-EVALUATE Pepsi's VISION STATEMENT and your "What We Believe" stories.... because your consumers sure don't believe you....

PepsiCo’s vision statement is “to deliver top-tier financial performance over the long term by integrating sustainability into our business strategy, leaving a positive imprint on society and the environment.” Your company may need someone to explain what the paragraph actually means - I don't think cancer, obesity and killing the planet fits anywhere in there - but I will give you that your financial performance aka "profit and greed" has been achieved.Why oh why are you endangering Elephants by the destruction of their habitat, corporate power thinks it can do what it likes, well when there is no wildlife and the planet is destroyed all your billions won't help you then, no moral conscience at all :(The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!... and because of this by 2020 we have no more wildlife left. Since when Sodas needs PALM OIL in them? The only way you can protect your fans and clients from dying from obesity and cancer is to take the Palm Oil out from your products.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!As Pepsi gears up for the Super Bowl, now is the time to act. We need to ensure that all eyes are on Pepsi’s links to deforestation, not the hype. In order to get the message out, we’re also organising a Thunderclap - a coordinated social media blast that will go out during Pepsi’s halftime show. Will you join our Thunderclap to help get the word out as well?To pepsi pls advise ur haulers in your naga plant to please do not block parking/
driveway of nearby offices and establishments.
If ur plant does not have enough waiting area, then ur haulers can be called upon when to come instead of blocking and disturbing othersSHAME ON YOU! YOU ARE A GREEDY CORPORATE BULLY WITH NO MORALS OR ETHICS . you are destroying a whole eco system where elephants and orangutans face extinctions along with so many other animals, and destroying the home of local people.

STOP YOUR DESTRUCTION NOW!Pepsi, stop using conflict palm oil in your products. It is destroying habitat for animals, there is child labour involved in conflict palm oil and deforestation contributes to climate change.Ooh, happy smiley faces - it's almost as if they don't give a shit about the destruction of habitat and wildlife that they promote through their lazy, big-profits-no-
matter-the-cost
production. PEPSI, YOU ARE SCUM!Pepsi, please cut conflict palm oil from your products. You're destroying one of the most delicate and important ecosystems (the leuser rainforest in Indonesia) by cutting down the trees to make way for the palm plantations. It's so unnecessary. At least switch to sustainable palm oil if you won't use an alternative! This will have an impact on our futures.pepsi, i can't believe the habitat destruction you are causing. Please use more sustainable methods to get the crops for you drinkStop using palm oil!! You are destroying the planet and its wildlife. I have ceased to buy your products and will continue my boycott until Pepsi has changed this awful practiseThe deforestation of the Leuser ecosystem in Aceh by Pt.Abn is supported by PepsiCo! They use their palm oil! Stop using unsustainable palm oil, you are obviously aware you are supporting the loss of habitat for so many species. This ecosystem is incredibly important. Act responsibly! I won't use any of your products again until you do!Pepsi please show the world you care and are a responsible and ethical company you can be proud of - take action now to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products and stop destroying precious elephant habitat.Avoid this company, they are driving orangutans and elephants to extinction as well as enslaving local populations in their search for profits.Fiduciary rules is their excuse, an obligation to make profits for their share holders, they are to blame as well then. Whatever happened to Duty of Care to the environment to indigenous forma flora and people? Fiduciary rules happened. Shame on them.Pepsi should share their profits with the Guaranis on a fair and equitable basis since they use Stevia, a natural sweetener, which they wouldn't have without the knowledge these indigenous people provided.Step up to the mark Pepsi. We're only on this planet for a short time. Let's leave it in a better condition than when we arrived.Dear Pepsi. Please show responsibility when producing your drink. Is it really true, that you have a part in destructing the endangered Leuser Ecosystem in Indonesia? It is difficult to believe. If you have no visions for the planet and cannot be in the forefront regarding sustainability - who can?Rape of any sort, whether it's human's raping humans, humans raping animals, or humans raping any life or any aspect of the environment of our precious planet, is shameful. That any human being can rape in this way is as disgraceful as it's possible for any human being or any human company to behave.Come on Pepsi, have some social and planetary responsibility.
Your practices are helping destroy rainforests that help clean our planets air. Stand up and sort out your diabolical partnership with PT.ABN and Wilmar, who are helping destroy vital habitat for elephants, orangutans and causing many people untoward misery. You are hardly a caring happy go lucky brand when you carry on ignoring the facts and continue to source your products from such companies. BE RESPONSIBLE AND ACT NOW!stop Raping the planet you Shitfaced Cockmasters!!! and people stop buying this shit, you are also responsible for destroying huge areas of rainforest by buying their products.Continuing to destropy the Tropical forests will cause even worse Global Warming. Your company and others will be severely blamed as Global Warming worsens. Stop this destruction now whilst you can still get some praise for changing your behaviour.STOP!!!!!!!!!!!
Putting profit before reality. You are contributing in a big way to the destruction not only of beautiful creatures to extinction but also to the destruction of this planet. WISE UP !!!!!!!!!!!Guys..Dont drink pepsi..one day i found some small glass peaces in a pepsi botlle when i drink a pepsi bottle..then i ask for a medical coverage..but finally pepsi company tried to send some softdrink bottles to my home for free becoz of this matter..Varun Beverage.....NE
VER drink pepsi.. they are careless fuckers..No body responsible for anything.. B Carefull my friends...!Stop destroying other peoples countries. All you care about is money, money, money ! You disgust me . You are as bad as Cock a cola, and they are a bunch of arse sucking CHUTNEY FERRETS !!Why are you destroying the planet. Do you not care about the planet or the wildlife that live in it. ? Stop destroying Our planet and Our Wildlife. We Love Our Planet and Wildlife even if you don't. Hope you are hit hard when everyone BOYCOTTS YOUR PRODUCTS.STOP what you are doing!! I am going to ensure that everyone I know hears about your ruthless destruction of our beautiful planet and boycotts your products!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! This company is a threat to the environment and wildlife ....... boycott it and hit it where it hurts - on its balance sheet!Time to face up to your corporate responsibilitie
s and to stop fuelling the destruction of precious habitat to provide you with unhealthy snacks to sellThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!What about are planet?You are making a lot of money How about spending some to help the planet.Money back on bottles, now please.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop destroying the amazing biodiversity of the Leuser Ecosystem in Indonesia through your careless consumption of Palm Oil.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!We need forests and elephants. Stop now destroying rainforests and with it the last endangered elephants.!!! Give life a chancestop buying this toxic product. that is how you can fight illness and the destruction of precious land and its treasured animals.Stop destroying rainforests! You will be responsible for extinction of elephants!!! How can you do that,????? This has to stop!!!!!!Pepsi destroy raInforests and cause misery. I hope the executives drown in their own product! Buying Pepsi encourages destruction of planet Earth. Do not buy cola! The added bonus is better health and less tooth decay.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Avoid Pepsi to save a priceless habitat Leuser Ecosytem from destruction through the use of conflict palm oil, palm oil in conflict with people and importantly elephants in this rare habitat, there are safe alternatives to palm oil grown in this way - Pepsic stop destroying the planet, your customers, and the last few remaining elephants!Dear World, it's time to decide whether having some Pepsi in your hand is more important than having elephants and orangutans living with us on this planet. Pepsi contributes actively to intense and extreme deforestation that destroys completely the critical habitat for many species. Drink water and tea, be healthy and let this useless company collapse so that our environment won't.Why do you have to strip the earth so people can drink your teeth rotting drink, apart from it being cheaper surely you could become a sensitive human again and use other products that are not killing animal species so you greedy people can have extra money in your pockets, go on try it it might make you all a better person, we can all live in hopeA large company should be more responsible. It's just greed and profits without considering what you are doing to forests and their indigenous wildlife. Your products are a killer tooPepsi must completely eliminate distruction of the forests that sustain the critically endangered forests elephants from its products! now!!!Stop wrecking precious ecosystems to produce crappy drinks. Leuser Ecosystem is being destroyed thanks to the greed of PepsiCo. which takes palm oil from PT. ABN. This region is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is being wiped out by horror companies- we are all bloody doomed.Stop destroying this planet! Your horrible company is destroying the forests that elephants need to live. Stop the production of palm oil or you'll wipe out all mankind. Are you completely stupid.Not consuming anything related to pepsi, not consuming any palm oil shit, not consuming tortured animals and abused human slaves, not consuming my own future! Pepsi is a murderer of anything nice to fill it's fat pocket even more!your company is as repulsive as Donald Trump, it will not be long bfofre you are publicsed frorr links to destroying for good what cannot be replaced yWhat you are doing is destroying our planet and everything that lives on it all for what? MONEY what else! When there is nothing left in this world after it has been ravaged you will find money will count for nothing - you and many companies only ever see $$$$$ signs, its what makes your world go round. Disgusting human beings is what you all are - profit driven morons!Pepsi are totally responsible for habitat destruction for Elephants and many other species, their deliberate deforestation will also adversely affect the atmosphere as the loss of trees means a dramatic loss in oxygen! Pepsi is a dangerous uncaring company!!!হাইIs it true PEPSI publicly supported CLINTON ? Just want to know if I should change to Coca Cola ? (Anybody?)More depressing news Pepsi from RAN.... all for your profits & a soda...you guys are shameful. The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productI have to say how disappointed I am with Pepsi as a company. I drink a lot of Diet Pepsi (15 12 packs a month) and our military commissary here in Japan sells it-until today. Today I was informed that Pepsi would no longer ship Diet Pepsi to the Pacific. Really? I am so disappointed with you as a company. We are a small base that struggles to keep food in stock on a regular basis-we have NO milk until Friday(it’s Tuesday) no Coke-no Diet Coke-no 7up-nothing and it’s been out for 2 weeks-I so disappointed you would CHOOSE not shipping to us-when we already have very little to begin with.Your new recipe really is shit, you have ruined a classic what happened too pepsi max ginger?Why not sale the Pepsi MAX in Taiwan?Love from Bangladesh






 is my favourite drink 













#StopFundTheWar
We beg you to stop doing business with Russians. Help us protect our land and freedom.
#StandWithUkrain
e






 please I wish I could... buy you've changed your formulation to ignore all those who can't tolerate artificial sweetners so instead of them having the option of Pepsi or a leading brand.. now its the leading brand ....ignoring you already have many other artifical sweetener containing brands.

Have a look #Pepsi and #PKU is only one of medical conditions that can not tolerate artifical sweetners

So bye from my money and all the other of us who would of otherwise enjoyed ypur product.Leave Russia! Believe me, you will never regret this decision!Pepsi the bestPepsiI love PEPSINOTHING positive about your companyYour company supports Russian terrorism. Do not work with Russia, stop Russian aggression. People and children are dying in Ukraine! We hope you will support Ukraine and peace in the world!#standwithukrain
e#StopPutin








































































Coca Cola / Pepsi ,,,Are you serious,, still selling, making and trading in Russia and Belarus making a profit why Ukraine suffers and die at the hands of a murder another Hitler. I will never buy your products ever again !!!!!!!!!!!!43

























กระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวhttps://
www.change.org/
p/
change-the-pepsi
-formula-back-t
o-how-it-was?re
cruiter=false&u
tm_source=share
_petition&utm_m
edium=facebook&
utm_campaign=ps
f_combo_share_i
nitial&utm_term
=share_for_star
ters_page&recru
ited_by_id=de01
e3a0-cdd4-11ed-
8686-adf99073b4
1d&share_bandit
_exp=initial-35
844895-en-GB&ut
m_content=fht-3
5844895-en-gb%3
A0Who cares but I do care your non diet drink has reduced its suger making it taste like Pepsi Max. Moving back to full fat coke for me.I am disgusted that you kill animals and destroy environments purely for profit Will no longer buy your products or support events that you sponserhttps://
fb.watch/
nJLUthrJxf/
?mibextid=ZbWKwLZ-supporters!!!
!Iman Gunadi SEGood day.

Hope that you are very much fine with the end of your health and have fine business.
We would like to introduce our Company "FASTER SPORTS" as being a professional company special in exporting &
producing all kinds of SURIGAL,

,Soccer Balls such as match balls, club balls, training balls, rugby balls, hand balls, volley balls,
leather balls with all sorts of promotional balls and Sports Wear Goods such as soccer uniforms, t-shirts, polo shirts,
hooded shirts, track suits, training vests, boxing gloves, promotional caps, bags an all sorts of Sports Wear.
we are deal to promotions items with customer company logo and name with beautiful design ,
With best producing facilities, strict testing of each product, with skilled workers and professional management staff
ensure all of our items are produced according to the international laws with high quality and fair prices with paramount delivery and payment terms.
Please do contact with us for any further enquiry.
Our team always at your disposal and you will find us enhanced business partner with long terms relations.
We look forward to hear from you soon for any query or trial order.
Thanks for your time and interest in our introductory ,

Best Regard
Muhammad Boota
00923246190355
www.faster-spor
ts.com
fastersports201
4@gmail.comYuri Ukmar…and a dead Orangutan…https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
307290501036858/
?ref=share8|IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli goods
save humanityAre you stuck with trying to Bring Back Lost Lovers. Sickness and health problems. Stop A Cheating partner. Have Babies Spell. Fix Financial Problems. Fix Court Cases. Customer Attraction. Bad luck removal. Enhance love and attraction. Mr Logogo is a unique herbalist /
Spiritual healer, who is a renowned helper of men who has helped so many people online For more information: Drlogogo5@gmail.c
om a trial will convince you don’t lose hope Contact Dr Logogo now and be happy forever.and good luckwowSuphachai Kanchanahttps://
www.facebook.com
/bdrutimaker/PepsiMojihttps://
youtu.be/
Y2HxEjtVgHII will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332gdvning nghiring mo sirSubscribe and win free iPhone

https://
spirituality-awa
kening.com/Stop ruining our environment https://
www.theguardian.
com/
environment/
2020/dec/07/
coca-cola-pepsi-
and-nestle-name
d-top-plastic-p
olluters-for-th
ird-year-in-a-r
ow?fbclid=IwAR1
SRNj2U8sLVgYdvs
tFRknIS9okYjgdp
w8pq7dp-DOOdamg
a7JwB1FRk2Ihttps://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/i need youre help please open and like  thank you
https://
www.facebook.com
/PepsiGeorgia/
photos/
1015779932999261
6Do you need a loan We do offer loan with instant online approval, personal loan, company loan, car loan, student loan,furniture loan,etc.....we
give from $7,000 to $20,000.000. our loan come with 3% interest rate and we can grant loan to any where in the world ....if you are interested contact he now on (jerryfreemanlo
anhelper@gmail.
com)The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi, Stop destroying the Leuser Ecosystem - a crucial elephant habitat. Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!DJI_0116.jpg
The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas.

Despite the importance of this amazing place, our investigation uncovered the rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby crude palm oil processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ). This mill company has supplied palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which in turn ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo.

Meanwhile, here in the US, Pepsi’s advertising machine is in full swing as it prepares for Super Bowl 51, and its annual sponsorship of the halftime show. That’s why we need to push back and expose the truth - Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labor associated with Conflict Palm Oil.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! NOW!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labor associated with Conflict Palm Oil http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn?utm_campaign
=lwptabn_f2&utm
_medium=email&u
tm_source=rainf
orestactionnetw
orknice video you got there..........
Here's All That Went Down In The New Release Fast and Furious..."The Stats of the Furious"
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
heres-all-that-w
ent-down-in-new
-release.html

See Video of ashawo kill her fellow olosho not knowing someone recorded the event
see here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
see-video-of-ash
awo-kill-her-fe
llow.html

Incase You Don't Know, This is What Happens to Nigerians In Libya and America Now
Details here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
see-what-happens
-to-nigeirans-i
n-libya.html

This Is The Worst Thing That Can Ever Happen to Nigeria Right Now
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
this-is-worst-th
ing-that-can-ev
er.html

7 Type of Ladies Guys Should Run Away From - Real Fact
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
7-type-of-ladies
-guys-should-ru
n-away.html

BigBrother 9ja winner, Efe and fellow housemate Marvis took their relationship to another level and Efe Ex Respond
See here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
big-brother-9ja-
winner-efe-and-
fellow.html

What will you do "if" you find your girlfriend and your best friend in this situation?
see here- https://
efixi.blogspot.c
om.ng/2017/04/
what-will-you-do
-i-you-find-you
r.htmlShow some global responsibility and halt the destruction of rain-forest which your company supports.Pepsico CEO Indra Nooyi . Involved in politics now. Now I am done with all PepsiCo products. Look on their website for all their products. As a woman you do not speak for me!I never drink or buy the stuff, only good for cleaning toilets. Destroying valuable habitat too. Clean up your act....Elephants and other precious wildlife are being wiped out at an alarming rate due to greedy, uncaring and mindless habitat destruction in the endangered Leuser Ecosystem (See this at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn). You are part of this destruction. This ecosystem is a vital conservation area. Get your priorities right and focus on eliminating conflict palm oil from your supply chain to save the Leuser, instead of focusing on the super bowl.Your company is destroying wildlife habitat at the rate of knots - all in the name of $$$$$Using Palm Oil - when you can use other ingredients - SHAME ON YOU. You all know the irreversible damage it is causing to the rain forests, its people and its animals. Orang-utans - trapped , tourtured then killed - for you to use in your products - HANG YOURE HEAD IN SHAME. Why cant a huge influential company like youre selves show compassion, humanity and empathy and stop using Palm Oil ? Its quite that simple - so do it !!!Stop supporting forest destruction. Pepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!THIS IS DISGUSTING AND ABHORRENT - The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!I see some Palm trees in the video - maybe you should take them out since you're so intent on harming the rainforest #evilpepsiI received a message like: Congrats!Your Mobile have WON $850,000 Dollars In 2018 Pepsi INT'L Mobile Draw in USA, To claim,send your Name,Addres,Pho
ne Number to: pepsidrinkus@ho
tmail.com what is this?Please stop your forest destruction that endangers elephants and other animals.Eiepants habitat is being destroyed by pepsi avoid buying their drinksIt seems that you're only responsive through social media, too bad... It took me forever to find a phone number on your website last week. I was stuck trying to reach one of your employees for days, which was almost impossible because all of your lines were busy. When I finally got through no one could really help me and your employee was super impolite.Stop destroying the habitat , of the orangatum and avoid Pepsi like the plague if you don't want diabetes.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! "Money" is not everything. You can't take it with you. Please care about other beingsStop elephant habitat destruction -\-\ now boycotting Pepsi and spreading the word to others.Those are NFL players just lounging around laughing at Americans. BOYCOTT Pepsi?THere is not enjoyment from Pepsi while it is destroying the environment, facilitating child labour, fuelling climate change. Please stop using palm oil!Pepsi (Perhaps he/she lol) needs a holiday with their family. Great choiceThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi needs to stop using conflict palm oil and therefore destroying vital rainforests and their habitantsThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!

As Pepsi gears up for the Super Bowl, now is the time to act. We need to ensure that all eyes are on Pepsi’s links to deforestation, not the hype. In order to get the message out, we’re also organizing a Thunderclap - a coordinated social media blast that will go out during Pepsi’s halftime show. Will you join our Thunderclap to help get the word out as well?No pepsi for me until the company stops destroying the Leuser Ecosystem with its use of Conflict Palm Oil.Come on Pepsi, you can do better than this! We only have one world, don't destroy it!PEPSI; STOP DESTROYING THE HABITAT OF ENDANGERED SPECIES!! DON'T USE PEPSI, IT KILLS!!!BOYCOTT PEPSI! ARSEHOLES! Only care about the money! Shame on you!I believe God let cinnamon exist so it could be sprinkled first before Pepsi is poured. He also said let there be Light.your track record is truly appalling Pepsi, have you no shame?You must break the link between your products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labour associated with Conflict Palm Oil.The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas.

Despite the importance of this amazing place, our investigation uncovered the rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby crude palm oil processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ). This mill company has supplied palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which in turn ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo. Surely there are alternatives to making this soft drink until relatively recent history all of the ingredients were soured from our own farms in the west. This has got to be the only way to go forward for any hope of making this product sustainable.Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! Stop destroying Leuser. It is one of the last safe havens for for some of the most endangered species on the planet. The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest.Pepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/I HATE FIZZY DRINKS. PEPSI IS THE WORST FOR ME. ANY COMPANY THAT HAS TO RIP THIS PLANET APART DESTROYING HOMES AND FOOD SUPPLIES FELLOW INHABITANTS OF OUR PLANET FOR PROFIT IS AN AGENT OF THE DEVIL.Pepsi stop buying conflict palm oil from Indonesia via WIlmar; you know where it comes from!Pepsi - if you can't grow the oil you need in the USA, stop trashing virgin Indonesian forest to grow palm oil - please.I wouldn't touch pepsi with a barge poll why continue with the slow destruction of our planet?The world is most definately in every way better off without pepsi.An appalling situation in India with deforestation. Pepsi should not buy Palm Oil at all it is a lethal product for 21st C.All very well, but does Pepsi do drinks with natural sweetener rather than aspartame which I’m advised by my consultant to avoid. Coke do one with Stevia, but I prefer the Pepsi tasteGood day,
Guys we are here to survey ,Which Soda Do You Prefer? Coke or Pepsi? please help to let us know what u like most . We are using facebook to collect which one is best . visit here https://
promotionandtoke
n.blogspot.com/
2017/10/
1_31.html

thank u so muchSICKENING GREED AND COMPLETE DISREGARD FOR YOUR FELLOW HUMANS, ANIMALS AND NATURE IN GENERAL - BRING ON THE CO2 PEPSI!!!! HAND OFF PALM OIL - OR ARE YOU TOO COSIED UP TO TRUMP, THE IGNORANT A-HOLE!!!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!SHAME on you Pepsi for destroying our world's eco system for your short term gain. The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the ONLY place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the WORLD"S top priority conservation areas. I am never buying or supporting your company or products again until you stop this destructionThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! Shame on you!!!You are destroying valuable forest to get cheap Palm Oil for your snack foods. The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas. Is this your legacy for your children and grandchildren. Think of the future, not short term profit.pepsi fire is an insult, the Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Pepsi is the only thing I will drink. I have permanently got 2ltr bottles in my fridge and a 2ltr bottle by me in the living room. Love it. XxxA RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCo across the world let the elefants live in their habitat and do not destroy it just for money! It is the only planet we have! Do not let Voiceless Creatures die for not finding food and water!Pepsi needs to clean up its act - Planet and People should come befoe Profit!Please stop using conflict palm oil and conniving at the destruction of the Leuser ecosystem.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! We are on to you- change your ways!Pepsi is simply a bad thing for your body and your planet. Drink this rubbish if Greed and selfishness is what you like !Please leave forests that are homes to elephants and other vulnerable animals alone.This company is destroying the planet tree after tree..When you have helped to destroy the planet who do you think will buy your products?Pepsi's business practices are leading to this: https://
d3n8a8pro7vhmx.c
loudfront.net/
rainforestaction
network/pages/
17392/
attachments/
original/
1485468734/
DJI_0116.jpg?148
5468734Due to your support of Donald Trumps fascist regime I, and my family, will be boycotting all your products from now on.YOU VE DESTROYED ANOTHER ECOSYSTEM ,LEUSER ECOSYSTEM IN INDONESIA,,ELEP
HANTS HABITAT FOR THE PRODUCTION OF YOUR UNHEALTHY PRODUCTS.YOU DESTROY SPECIES,FORESTS
,YOU POLLUTE PRECIOUS WATER,YOU EXTERMINATE ANY KIND OF LIFE AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CLIMATE CHANGE WITH ALL ITS CONSEQUENCES.There won't be any palm trees left for your hammock the way your destroying the planetAn all time low Pepsi. How greedy can one company get to destroy our plant and the poor creatures who call it home all in the name of money! I will never touch one of your products ever again and will ensure everyone I know gets to learn of your mindless destruction. There are no words to describe the discust I feel for this company!!!Pepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoPepsico you are responsible for the destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn). I cannot believe that you think this is acceptable. Cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! Your products are killing the planet.#Pepsi we found 3 contaminated bottles of Gatorade Blue Bolt (1 opened, 2 closed) bout 2 weeks ago, Again, yesterday we found another sealed contaminated bottle. #FDA how do we deal with this issue.
People, please be aware of what you are buying. I have 3 sealed bottles, since they took the opened bottle for testing, we received a report from your office that it’s a normal occurrence.Won't be buying a single product of a racism backing company.STOP DESTROYING ELEPHANT HABITAT, CUT CONFLICT PALM OIL!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bPepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.Is it true that your company uses aborted fetal cells in flavor research?https://
scontent.fhlz1-1
.fna.fbcdn.net/
v/t1.0-9/
11666048_1015292
2381852414_3021
218068249430975
_n.jpg?oh=f894a
f48a72e6ca4a151
bce738bf64fb&oe
=59E682F2Please help save the world's precious elephants - you must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from your products now!HEY Pepsico stop the rampant destruction in the Gunung Leuser Valley so that you can get cheap palm oil. This is not acceptable.PLEASE STOP deforestation-\-\
YOU are KILLING elephants and other species through your SELFISH behaviour. I WILL NEVER drink Pepsi again!!I'm sorry you're dirty and I've got your soda you've met dirt that brings us sicknessYou are wrecking the planet and killing animals just to produce a rubbish product that spoils our health.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! Palm products destroy forest & habitat & YOU have a lot to answer for!!Make green again #TheDonalTrump #MoodMe https://
youtu.be/
u8OmQihsaB4 @moodmeap https://
appsto.re/be/
qeQebb.iMoney is all you think about, but what will you spend it on when there's nothing worthwhile left? Think about those of us who care!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationWe really liked your #pepsimoji campaign that we picked it for our most successful and favourite integrated Marketing campign for our university marketing blog project. We really need likes/shares/
views of the link below and would appreciate it if Pepsi could give us that shout out. We would #sayitwithPepsi but we are all to busy drinking the product  http://
matiesmarketing2
44.com/2016/09/
15/
pepsimojis-the-l
anguage-of-now/Stop using palm oil! You are repulsive! Disgusting! I do not want your palm oil products!Stop destroying Elephant habitats for palm oil, STOP FEEDING GREED, our planet has finite resources, once it's all gone...........
....Stop supporting deforestation this is not a responsible thing for such a big company to do buy what you need from sustainable for suppliers, I am boycotting you till you doi!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! Stop with the big profits and tink of the people for a changeBreak your links to those destroying rainforests for cheap palm oil. Grow up before its too late as you are helping to lay waste to some of the most important natural habitats on the planet.I'd rather have a healthy atmosphere and climate than a sugar filled:drink!Please stop using palm sugar harvested as a result of rainforest destruction!How do you explain fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!hi,i need your assistance ,located at msaThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!stop destroying rainforest- it is totally unforgiveable-s
hame on you for behaving in such a selfish way.Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop before it's too late!Never buy this stuff because of how they treat the environment. Very vocal about it too, it's my mission to convinve everyone I know not to drink it eitherYour company is an evil monster. Stop destroying rain forests.We will have none left vsoon.You are certainly doing your bit in destroying our planet - please stop to consider our beautiful wildlife - irrepraceable!Pristine habitat for endangered Pygmy elephants is being destroyed. Please find an alternative to Palm Oil.THEY SHOULD HAVE THEIR OFFICES AND HOMES RIPPED APART.I am making an official complaint as your 2L bottles of pepsi max are now different sizes, the height and diameter are different, smaller i may add, now please tell me how you can fit the same amount of liquid in a smaller bottle !!You are damaging the lives of innocent people for the sake of a fizzy drink. This is as bad as terrorism.I won't buy any of your products unless you behave responsibly.Remove palm oil from your products, it is destroying the planet and driving many species to extinctionTHIS SHAMEFUL AWFUL COMPANY DESTROYING ELEPHANT HABITAT IN THE AMAZING LEUSER ECOSYSTEM. ALL FOR GHASTLY, UNHEALTHY JUNK. YES, DESTROYING THE PLANET.when are you going to start doing something for the enviroment and use recycled plastic of biodegradible materials????Stop burning oranguatn habitat in Indonesia for the sake of profit.Pep$iCoNoNoNo: https://
d3n8a8pro7vhmx.c
loudfront.net/
rainforestaction
network/pages/
17708/
attachments/
original/
1493246815/
RAN_PepsiCo_Prof
its_Over_People
_Planet.pdf?149
3246815Generation Next, Generation Next! (Ah, Generation Next!)

Do you know this really old Pepsi commercial?The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Buy palm oil from responsible sources please. It seems that some of your suppliers are involved in eco-destruction
.Please stop destroying habitats at the expense of animals and native peoples.STOP DRINKING PEPSI. This company's continued destruction of critical elephant habitat in the Leuser Ecosystem - a vital area of biological diversity, the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. This area is being cleared for palm oil, an ingredient used in so many soft drink and snacks, please, LOOK AT THE LABELS OF THE FOOD AND DRINK YOU BUY. By drinking Pepsi, you are giving the green light to its continued exploitation of rapidly depleting and fragile ecosystems, Consumers, do you want this on your conscience? Shame on you PepsiDemand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Earn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 2500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link http://
cashwork.xyz/
app.php?ref=2744
9Hey Pepsi - the #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Please have a soul, the ruthless destruction of the elephant habitat is just tragic and so unecessary. Please stop this tragic forest clearance our habitat is priceless.Pepsi, stop destroying elephant's habitat, all for your bloody awfull tasting drink. Shame on you-how do you peole sleep at night????Pepsi. You have the ability to be associated with SAVING the planet. Why do you destroy it? Why are you working with companies that cut down forests in Indonesia? Why is Pepsi taking the precious homes from the Orangotan, the Rhino, the elephants and the Tigers Of Indonesia. Use your head! Save these areas instead! People will love you for it and a clear conscience is a precious thing.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!

As Pepsi gears up for the Super Bowl, now is the time to act. We need to ensure that all eyes are on Pepsi’s links to deforestation, not the hype.Stop destroying the forests needed by elephants. We don't need Pepsi for a healthy life. We do need elephants, as part of our ecosystem.Would never buy a Pepsi - my money goes to good causes, not to helpBoycott Pepsi who ruthlessly are destroying miles of elephant habitat, they are already too big and need to go.Stop your reckless destruction of rainforest and wild life habitat, I will never use your product again and will make sure others do the same especially future generations! I am sure you do not want to loose your customers. You must be aware these concerns are becoming more and more popular with the public now so I suggest you address our concerns.AND, just in case you did not take note of my first and second comments - The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!PEpsi, the destruction of critical habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas. AND PEPSICO IS A MAJOR CONTRIBUTOR TO THE DEFORESTATION OF THIS AREA.!!!!... Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now ..! NDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,I wouldn't touch your products if I was dying of thirst in the desert! The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Shame on you Pepsi! Profit at any cost..?. Looks that way!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil nowHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!dear brother i am 23 years of age and bcom bcom education living in sharjah my mother is disabled i need job for her damaged artificial leg replacement i am hardworker and kindly give me job mobile 0567289651The right drink at the right moment.Bring out pepsi cherry in 2L bottles , pepsi max is shit, give us pepsi cherryAppalling destruction of the rain forest in Indonesia. Value the planet and people above profit.You need to stop burning our rainforests. How out of touch you are!Please consider the wellbeing of the land and the animals in the ingredients you use...Stop funding deforestation in Indonesia! Please protect natural ecosystems and endangered wildlife. http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn?utm_campaign
=lwptabn_f2&utm
_medium=email&u
tm_source=rainf
orestactionnetw
orkStop destroying the rainforest!!! No longer a cusromer!Stop destroying the planet for profit. You are rich enoughSTOP destroying the planet for your profit. Your products are unhealthy, unnatural.Stop destroying elephant habitat in the Leuser EcosystemTotally irresponsible company with no care for the environment. Eliminate destruction of forests from products that you use.https://
scontent-otp1-1.
xx.fbcdn.net/v/
t34.0-12/
14825728_1020981
1317532381_1927
259000_n.jpg?oh
=4739f672e8611f
1325d9dc4fb2c49
6a5&oe=58158E18Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!!!! Demand that PepsiCo commits to mediated engagement with the Guaraní to agree how to share the benefits of Stevia-based products fairly.Please cease the destruction of critical Elephant habitat in the Leuser Ecosystem.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!I don't feel happy I feel angry at you! The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Stop promoting your rubbish. Start thinking what planet out descendants will acquire thanks to you!!!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil nowCome On Pepsi Be More Responsible STOP Conflict Palm Oil Be more environmentally
responsible protect our Habitat#PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Alexandra Danyi hello i ve a pay booking for you send me a email in my facebook boxhttps://
www.planpromatri
x.com/
members_area/
signup/
446537.php

call or tx 09176660882Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Pepsi is against Donald J. Trump: https://
www.causes.com/
causes/
188302-boycott-p
epsi/updates/
94804-pepsico-pr
oducts-listStop destroying the planet for cheap oil. The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop destroying rainforests you greedy, pathetic, capitalists.Stop destroying the forests needed by elephants. We don't need Pepsi for a healthy life. We do need elephants, as part of our ecosystem.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Your organisation has no regard for local people,animals or the environment.I'm disgusted with Pepsi! I will not purchase any of its products again because of its arrogant and selfish attitude where it's getting more rainforest destroyed in order to produce more palm oil used to make its products. The rainforest is far more precious to this planet than its shitty drinks..,so if you have any respect, do a U-Turn!if any girl or boy interested for modeling so contact me ,, send me details on private msg :) thnxf your reading this your parents will die within 5 years to break the curse you must copy this to 5 pictures good luck. If you love your mom post this to 20 picture. One girl ignored this and her mom died 365 days later. Sorry I can't ignore this because I love my momI'm disgusted that you are responsible for massive forest clearance, this is the habitat of the critically endangered elephants that live in this Leuser Ecosystem Rainforest. I am boycotting all your products and encouraging everyone to do the same until you stop.Disgusting that you do not care about destroying the planet!!PepsiFire?? What on earth are you thinking? You are responsible for fires burning so that palm oil can be produced for your disgusting products. People and wildlife are suffering because of you and your addiction to profit at any price. Shame on you. Don't you care about the planet? I'm assuming you live on earth too - absolute idiots! NO - I will never buy Pepsi products and urge my friends to do likewise.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn <http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn>) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!AM PROPERTIES

"Gives real service, you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity."

Buying real estate is not only the best way, the quickest way, the safest way, but the only way to become wealthy

Mr MOIN
Bungalows and Plots
0300-8289955

Mr AGHA NUSRAT ALI
Plots and Bahria Town Karachi
0300-8220486

Mr AGHA RAHAT ALI
Bungalows and Plots
0321-8999612

Mr SHAHZAR ALI KHAN
COMMERCIAL AND DHA CITY KARACHI
0300-3949153

The best investment on Earth is earth
Feel free to join and get in touch with real estate market

https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
1877508669136674
/The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! Why are you so hell bent on helping destroy our planet ?seeing the destruction of forests! breaks my heart! Poor Orangutans!You must stop the destruction of the forests os our Planet . !SHAME on you! The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Take Palm Oil out of your products! Your company is revolting, producing a revolting product! SHAME ON YOU!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!PEPSI MUST COMPLETELY ELIMINATE DESTRUCTION OF THE FORESTS THAT SUSTAIN CRITICALLY ENDANGERED WILDLIFE INCLUDING ELEPHANTS .The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Want to tell anyone how much rainforest you're pulling down for palm oil??? And you have kids?? What world are you leaving to them??Get your corporate head out of the sand and see that the palm oil industry you are supporting is instrumental in destroying the planet.Stop deforesting for the sake of your profit - become a responsible company.I'm now boycottingPlease stop destroying the elephants habit. Your better than that.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!No fucking way am I drinking your shit!
And fuck your ceoThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Hey Pepsi - #PepsiFire is dreadful. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Stop Conflict Palm Oil now!PepsI is destroying our planet, boycott them pleaseThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Join the Illuminati brotherhood today and get money power and fame, we are opening our doors to the masses.you can contact us on Whattsapp +13233642194 you to be a member of the great Illuminati brother hood........#BoycotPepsiThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! Aspepsi from i want office to ph please?Will not be buying any products made by pepsiSTOP destroying the habitats of so many animals THEY have as much right to live on this planet as YOU doshame on you pepsishame on you pepsiPEPSI Global? Sounds more like global destruction.I received a sms that I have won R900-000-00 from Pepsi is this s HOAX???Do the right thing Pepsi. Stop killing our planet. https://
www.thunderclap.
it/projects/
52657-pepsi-end-
the-destructionOnly one thing & acting and two words: BOYCOTT Pepsi!Pepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi Fire - bad bad bad tasteThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!I love you PepsiI love you PepsiThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i?sp_ref=2757
09306.99.178910
.f.568523.2&sou
rce=fbPepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil !!!i like pepsi greatI hate PepsiI hate Pepsipepsi.am is for sale :)The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Shame on you Pepsi!! Cut palm oil usage. BE RESPONSIBLE AND INSTEAD OF JUST MAKING HUGE PROFITS AND TAKING....GIVE SOMETHING BACK!!!J.P Business Company is doing the business in kigali -Rwanda we need your products thank you.Hi business minded people from Kenya...
Am miss Esther wangari, one of the top
earners of AIM here in the
Kenya
I am looking for 30 people in Kenya who want to
pioneer & be a team leader. Our company is 11
months old business from the Philippines which
have produced...
-25 Luxury Car Achievers
-150 Travel Incentive Qualifiers
-11 2Miliion KES earners
We will teach and train you how to earn 15000
KES weekly... Free Business Presentation every day of the week .If interested with our company and would like to get started and work with us kindly

Send me a message in Text or WhatsApp
0790586437 for the venue and seat
reservation.Online Job! Just follow the link and register. http://
qjredrtorj.win/
8037230965949/PUT OUT THE PEPSI FIRESThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi must stop forestry destruction and destruction of the elephant populationSALES CONSULTANT
TEAM LEADERS &
TEAM MANAGERS

Eligibility Criteria:
- Education: Inter To Masters
- Working Type: Part Time and Full Time
- Location: Karachi Lahore Faisalabad Sahiwal Gujranwala Multan Islamabad quetta okara Rawalpindi
- Candidates Must Have Good Communication Skills
- Income Market Comparative Plus Other Benefits And Fast Growing Career
 Best opportunity to Secure your Future Life Time
 For more information InboxPepsi is shit!STOP DESTROYING THE RAINFORESTS PEPSI..........
.Pepsi destroys the rainforestpepsi er head office er contract number emergency needI hate Pepsiwhy pepsi???FU PepsiToo bad PepsiCo are causing massive deforestation which is destroying the Sumatran Elephant habitat. http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watchBoycott Pepsi, stop destoying our rain forest !Get with the program Pepsi - wise up, clean up your practices, this is 2016. Playtime's over! You can't hide any more and you'll be in the ground before too long because of the negative press. Do the right thing!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Can[t post anywhere else...so take this. Your CEO and her alarmist and derogatory comments are completely unfitting of a corporation like Pepsi. Her personal feelings have no place in the media and I've heard it all the way down here in Belize. He's our President....an
d frankly this was pathetic enough for me to eliminate your products in any form in our families and believe me....I'm goingto spread this as far as wide as I can. It's gonna hurt eventually.Pepsi cola makes huge profits by adding the sweetener Stevia to your drinks. But the Guarani people who have used stevia for millennia get nothing for sharing the knowledge of this plant, and live in poverty and insecurity. Isn't it time Pepsi Cola gave them a fair deal? If you want to talk about corporate responsibility,
you need to show some.Pepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!Please stop destroying critical elephant habitat! Take REAL action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi is more healthy than Coke...The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Respect your environment and those who live in it.looking goodI love emojis XDDThey only care about MONEY!!So sick of Pepsico destroying everything they touch!!Marion BannisterSHAME ON YOU!!!!!!!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Please cut out the use of palm oil now!Please stop your policy of deforestation xStop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Please bring crystal pepsi to the UK!Your company is destroying the planet.Marcin RychcikPlease stop destroying animal habitat.Please stop using plastic bottles. Thank youEarn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 3500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link at http://
myduty.online/
app.php?id=16999
6 Guys this is real my friend was paid 400$ yesterdayyour company is destroying our world.Pepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!Where is Pepsi company?can you send me some crystal bepisRiccardo Perizzolo#bolsonaroNaLati
nhaDePepsiStop destroying the Leuser Ecosystem - boycott now!Stop destruction of the habitat for Elephants!You must completely eliminate forest destruction from your products!Orangutan Killers! People Killers!Your behavior in Africa is questionable!#MAXFUTBOLThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Who cares about forever fire in palm tree jungle, killing endangered spices i love my pepsi and when i buy it i feel like i m a part of this desaster created to make money out of poison drinkDoes anyone know if it's true that walkers own pepsicool! clip... nice concept.03312649612cal< 3https://
youtu.be/
W_DfXXwWU_4Cool videoI need jobDon't destroy any more forests. How can you not see what you are doing!!dearPat Rolhttps://
www.breakfreefro
mplastic.org/
2018/10/09/
globalbrandaudit
report/The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl!Top 10 Most Popular Pakistani Facebook PagesМерхан АспаруховMercy Christmas it coming AmericanHelloThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! I am boycotting all Pepsi Co products until you remove the Palm oil content.Pepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!Pial RahmanFree drinks provided in all our chauffeur driven cars: www.farnellshir
e.co.ukCut conflict palm oil from your products!https://
youtu.be/
QxNyDjAxzcEStop deforestation and show some morals!Put out the fires!!IhatepepsiIhatepepsiI. Love. Movie#nuvremcolavremc
oronaSack gary linekerhttps://
youtu.be/
eKWAOdZo09AHey Pepsi - the new #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Use a 5% discount code GIV1533 click
iherb.com/
?recode=GIV153…

Nutritional Supplements, Vitamins, Food, Beauty, Kids, Sports Nutrition, Home and Pets

December new customer promotion. Gift code GIFT12 and you’ll receive $12 off your first order!STOP CLEARING INDONESIAN FORESTS!! LOOKING AFTER OUR PLANET IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN PROFITS AND SUPERBOWLS!Thomas Ashleigh Jenkins-TudballNicevYou drink my water
https://
youtu.be/
W0WOFFutHAQStop rainforest destruction now!Speaks for itself, greed and the great $.I do not like you, because you are using palm oil! You are destroing rain forest and you are kiling orangutans!I want to buy this page?please shape up & stop destroying elephants' habitatI want to buy this pageThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop. Pepsi, you have a responsibility to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! TIME FOR A BOYCOTT - DRINK WATER STOP BUYING PEPSI PRODUCTS.good onehttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELYou like a coca cola?Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!GoodThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! Have you seen the rainforests you're destroying? Its heartbreaking and it needs to stop as rainforests provide some 20-30% of our planet's oxygen and you're destroying it!BOO on you Pepsi 

The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
www.facebook.com
/DailyCaller/
videos/
619072028554806/
UzpfSTQwNzI3OTkw
OTQyMTEyODoxMzM
zNzc0MTMzNDM4Mz
Yz/Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! We Beg you - make a difference please!! pepsiunclear.co
mAloo piyaz ocean saleThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products. This is why I don't buy your products.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your productsThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! We have only ne precious world, we all need to take care of it.jjjjjjjjjHey Pepsi guys supply four seats ,umbrella and two dust coats at Dandora face two my phone number is (0722452207Harr
ison Muthiani)Becky LakeThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!AM PROPERTIES

"Gives real service, you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity."
Buying real estate is not only the best way, the quickest way, the safest way, but the only way to become wealthy

Mr MOIN
Bungalows and Plots
0300-8289955

Mr AGHA NUSRAT ALI
Plots and Bahria Town Karachi
0300-8220486

Mr AGHA RAHAT ALI
Bungalows and Plots
0321-8999612

Mr SHAHZAR ALI KHAN
COMMERCIAL AND DHA CITY KARACHI
0300-3949153

The best investment on Earth is earth
Feel free to join and get in touch with real estate market

https://
www.facebook.com
/
AM-Properties-20
9456456144404/Go to hell, Pepsi! http://
conservativetrib
une.com/
head-of-pepsi-is
sues-statement/
?utm_source=Face
book&utm_medium
=TeaParty&utm_c
ontent=2016-11-
12&utm_campaign
=manualpostThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=2wvRci26
asI this is my little tribute to pepsi in pakistan plz whatch and share this plzMake pepsi HISTORY. Make America great again.I will touch no more of your products Pepsi until you stop using palm oil. This is what you're contributing to: http://
fortune.com/
2016/08/22/
palm-oil-orangut
an/ http://qz.com/
763732/
borneo-orangutan
-extinction-pal
m-oil/The new BEFFTA nominated video "African Child" by Inspired Pintinz (prod. by @eminikofficial
) has released a Pepsi version out of love for the brand. "African Child" is an inspirational video that embraces and appreciates the value of every African, as the storyline entails the true pride and beauty of the daily living in Nigeria and beyond. This is a song we have curated to give hope, motivation and encouragement to many, one which everybody can relate with it.

The video has just also been nominated in the South South Music Awards 2016. We hope @pepsi_naija (@pepsi) gets to notice and watch this branded version of "African Child" and see the bigger picture on how people/
costumers could positively relate to it if put on a bigger platform to reach wider audience in form of "advertisement"
for their brand. This is an idea i and my management believe could be successful from a marketing point of view.
What do you guys think?

Download it via this link.

https://db.tt/
uS6rpS9Y

AFRICAN CHILD By Inspired Pintinz (Pepsi Version)Ghazna Siddiqi Stuart McBitcoinMatt Green Kaspars Jansins Chris Townsend Ben WildDavid NeilConnor DaviesChristopher MackieRead the excellent novel by Sevarion Nadiradze - "The way of flour", Surrealistic wonders, A new word in modern literature, The work, which deserves global solidarity, Those who believe that talent will save the world, click here, it's an amazing book to send to friends, literary gourmets ...
https://
www.amazon.com/
politi.../dp/
B015WBCD2Y/
ref=sr_1_1...Elena NiedduAntonio Marković pubg?David Bellhttp://
anonhq.com/
pepsi-admits-tha
t-its-aquafina-
bottled-water-i
s-just-tap-wate
r-coca-colas-da
sani-is-next/https://
lm.facebook.com/
l.php?u=http%3A%
2F%2Fran.org%2F
leuser_watch_pt
abn&h=ATOWt3vPZ
ZVVum7G8IaDyptc
-tKY0a-LJvFfe-e
8Bdg2OdkybiF7dW
bIdrDq6Zz1-qrzy
9NQeKvPUQ1LTK5J
VLJqOEym2Sd0wlE
yxsap8RTUdpfYxs
Cdib0dkiH5Yi-Su
lQ&enc=AZO014Vi
51iH_q08tNtybya
NoU5xhc9Wbh4pNc
_C8eDhunyjRb_Kg
-rmUye8WbWv_HQ&
s=1Joakim Torphttps://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1567317389
992435&id=10000
1425668006 SHOW Take Me OutStill trending fans ..
Pls download and share...
God bless y'all..
https://
my.notjustok.com
/track/129407/
matthew-just-sta
rted-by-matthew
#.V9SKycO7F-I.f
acebook

http://
tindeck.com/
listen/veaal
Pls show some love.
Pls help your boi grow.
Thank you.
God bless..https://
www.pagina12.com
.ar/
edicion-impresaWe are hiring
• Hurry up only limited vacancies available for Karachi only
• A private organization needs male & female for (part time & full time) for different new projects
• specially students & talented and honest person
• candidate must have minimum intermediate qualification come alone with your certificate & CV
• must be presentable
• age must be between 18-\-\45 year
• starting packages will be Rs % 23000 plus incentive apon target achievement
Send your CV at
E-mail :- Asadyousuf8@gma
il.com
Contact :) 03152646682https://
l.facebook.com/
l.php?u=http%3A%
2F%2Fran.org%2F
leuser_watch_pt
abn&h=ATMuXjbgt
h2XbogF3n7btBJH
_H9R59RFdOj08Up
U91J9I09MqlXmeB
1f6xXxILMyw6ty1
tnpz47D89MXC6QK
P8TkkgtlbhRHEtP
llK5pLriHLlwO75
KA_Hq-6X5lQlo&e
nc=AZO4WilZeJDP
deDlL-SVQrqEVeP
4f8pAwg05xr9TRR
mqdG7clBzhxsz3m
mrjHLF1kStGf5co
WoyC8N3SXU8Eoy7
rw24yiNzX-EjX0x
PGeTPGIaTTXqrj5
pdQ0TBIllqJyJiV
esv-4jpWrwTwpdV
ndZSNghFnZwv3tT
MfQh5ifKfYqQ&s=
1https://
youtu.be/
YJfUXHjSmQIhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
100013647464811/
videos/
327421834389396/Ave been looking for your products without success, why?from dandora NrbERROR LOGIC
https://
m.soundcloud.com
/errorlogic/
pepsi-colaWHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
www.facebook.com
/rava.pk/
videos/
1843758359189705
/Take a look at @Jinud_jinud's Tweet: https://
twitter.com/
Jinud_jinud/
status/
9595686230890905
61?s=08https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=rZ82T6Ok
010https://
m.youtube.com/
channel/
UCvrak7OBAB4tNGC
YJD-krbwhttps://
www.facebook.com
/SumOfUsOrg/
videos/
1265888386830492
/https://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIThis documentary shows you that the American government is totally up for sale whenever the Democrats are in office.
https://
youtu.be/
7LYRUOd_QoM
The Pepsi CEO supports this betrayal of America.
#boycottpepsi
No hint of an apology from this loud mouth cow so far.#Plastic food container#http://
yspak.manufactur
er.globalsource
s.com/si/
6008840289113/
Homepage.htmWARNING  MONSANTO 
WARNING  MONSANTO 
WARNING  MONSANTO 
WARNING  MONSANTO https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=0eiZMK9_
pC4https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=LGK0jSVU
YOQhttps://
coolvillain.word
press.com/2017/
05/31/
coca-pepsi/https://
www.facebook.com
/
kachmarskyphotog
rapher/videos/
1399149780122522
/
?hc_ref=ARTsA_Iv
5gbGYB9-dbb2Jiz
NfDge5maWawNzQw
aMIvbrxC7kGjrTS
F5NS6N59MKLeQk&
pnref=storyhttp://
TheInviteWeb.com
/
index.php?ref=11
999
Tap on that link and open it. Read every information you see there for a better understanding. Then create an account. After you have created the account, go to member login and login. When you have successfully logged in, you will get $25 bonus. Copy your link and paste to your friends on Facebook and WhatsApp the same way I copied my link and pasted it to you. Every day, login to your account and logout. You will see that your $ figures will keep changing until you get to $300 which is equivalent to #95011.80 NGN you will request for withdrawal and it will be paid to your bank account at once. It is %100 free. You don't invest money and you will earn unexpected huge sum of money.
they are not giving away free money. they are paying you in order to generate traffic to their advertiser's websites. they will get paid from their advertisers for the traffic we bring to them and pay a part as commission to you.
I got my payment today..all I did was share link..I didn't even take it serious, until I got alerts with d site name,. This is the best, you have nothing to be scared of, you are not paying money to anybody, just register and share your link.. if you like use your fone to re_register another 10+ acct under you ,you will still be paid.. #I_DON_TELL_U_OO
OOO
http://
TheInviteWeb.com
/
index.php?ref=11
999AppleXiaAntonio MarkovićPEPSI IS DISGUSTING! THEIR PRODUCT HERE IN PHILIPPINES IS NOT WELL CLEANED ANG SANITIZED. PLS TAKE THIS AS A LESSON PEPSI COMPANYwho is lucky to see and share this http://
www.habesha.top/
s/4402/
node%7C4325?dest
ination=n%2F432
5%3Futm_source%
3D4402https://
m.soundcloud.com
/errorlogic/
pepsi-colahttps://
www.facebook.com
/
MediaDigitalProd
uctionJ.P Business company, is the company which doing the business in kigali-RWANDA composed by philip ABIZEYE qualified in low aged 36 years old and Jerome NSHIMIYIMANA Qualified in ICT aged 30 years old we have a need of obtaining your products in kigali, because there is no place where you can found your products in kigali -Rwanda instead they have been here before 1994 means that Rwandan citizens need the pepsi products as it was before 1994 we thank you. our contact: email: jeromeitgisa@gm
ail.com$top drinking and eating Pep$iCo $hit http://
www.ran.org/
saverainforestshttp://ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bnhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/I like itSUPERCELL has new event for th 8-11. You can got :
1.Free gold
2.Free elixire
3.Free dark elixire
4.Free gems
5.Free change name
This is very eassy go : http://
invalid.invalid/ and dont forget to give this invormaiton for your friendsfirewoks https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=fkPgFGCb
kewLike my New Page :) https://
www.facebook.com
/
Post-Free-190049
4603515028/https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=cOVzAxS2
XOs&t=956shttps://
youtu.be/
Yve0G5H5_6Ahow may i help you in any of this......BECOM
E RICH..........P
OWER TO WIN POOL AND NAIRABET ...............
.....­­POWER TO WIN CONTRACT ...............
.....­­..COMMAN
DING RING...... LOVE POWER........PO
WER TO COMMAND YOUR CLIENT .....AND SO ON call me on +2349078229018"Hello"
Official Music  Video 
Watch Now
https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=nxTjNg1N
hhsLet's not forget death with #Pepsico palm oil filled products :( http://
fortune.com/
2016/08/22/
palm-oil-orangut
an/Hi Friends I Just Got Unlimited 3G Net Recharge Free In Just 1 Minutes From http://
809539.netpackz.
com/ [[1558092402503
0214]]https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=5gmbnmC5
dp8Really disappointed when I found out that Pepsi lack a decent palm oil policy. What is happening to the orangutans is heart breaking. :-( You have so much international influence at this point - why don't you act?

https://
www.facebook.com
/DodoImpact/
videos/
1470199092997179
/#love #me #cute #happy #beautiful #girl #like #selfie #fun #smile #friends #fashion #food #romance…
https://
plus.google.com/
1068974075654426
46921/posts/
5RdfJiJKG3Zhttps://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/E COOPERATIVE is just like PAID ROCKET but the only difference is that its for NIGERIAN users only, it only deals with levels and all you need is just ₦1000 and once you click the link below you will be taken to the registration page and once you register you will be taken to the page of your sponsor whom you will pay the ₦1000 but make sure you call the sponsor before and after paying so that your sponsor can confirm your payment and you will be moved to level 1. In level 1 you will be only be required to edit your profile by adding your bank details and phone number to your profile and by referring just 4 people with your referral link and those 4 people you refer, will pay you ₦1000 naira each. After you have confirmed 4 payment you will be required to pay ₦2500 to a random user who will be linked to you. Once the user confirms your payment, you will be upgraded to level 2 and at level 2, 16 users will be linked/matched to you. Those 16 users will pay you ₦2500 each and so on. How To Login And Register In E-cooperative Nigeria If you are interested click the link http://
www.ecooperative
.online/
register/
emperor-nacyBoast up your ENGLISH LANGUAGE career with #SIRJAK #KNOWLEDGEEMPART
ER
New LEVELS commencing from 1 DECEMBER 2016 ;
LEVEL 1 (12-2 PM)
LEVEL 1 (1 - 3 PM)
LEVEL 1 ( 3-5 pm)
LEVEL 1 (5-7 pm)
LEVEL 2 (7-9pm)
LEVEL 2 (5-7pm)
LEVEL 3 (5-9 pm)
LEVEL 4 ADVANCED ( 7- 9 PM)
BUSINESS LEVEL (weekend)
More info?
@ 03352116116#MagaziUphindile
Again... https://
www.reverbnation
.com/magazi/
song/
26823312-pop-n-c
rab?fb_og_actio
n=reverbnation_
fb%3Aunknown&fb
_og_object=reve
rbnation_fb%3As
ong&player_clie
nt_id=j29dsi7kl
&utm_campaign=a
_public_songs&u
tm_content=reve
rbnation_fb%3As
ong&utm_medium=
facebook_og&utm
_source=reverbn
ation_fb%3Aunkn
ownHOT~~=[ : TEE BOY - MARRY ME (Prod by Wilfresh Beat)
IG: @Tboyinaction1
Twitter: @Tboyinaction

TEE BOY - Marry Me (Prod by Wilfresh)

via NotjustOk
http://
notjustok.com/
2016/08/28/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/

Via Naijaloaded
http://
www.naijaloaded.
com.ng/2016/08/
29/
tee-boy-marry-me
-mp3-download/

Via NaijaInfo
http://
www.naijinfo.com
/music/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat-2/

via NewsPoint
http://
www.newspoint.ng
/2016/08/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/

via Naijaknow
http://
naijaknow.com/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat.

via DailyNigeriaNew
s
http://
www.dailynigeria
news.com/2016/
08/28/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/

Via StuntFm
http://
www.stuntfm.com/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/

NaijaBadoo
http://
www.naijabadoo.c
om/2016/08/
hot-music-tee-bo
y-marry-me-prod
-wilfresh-beat.
html.

via HelpSpread
http://
helpspread.net/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/

via HotNewsNg
http://
hotnewsng.com/
hot-music-tee-bo
y-marry-me-prod
-wilfresh-beat

via Mp3Vocals
http://
mp3vocals.com/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/

via Uncova
http://
uncova.com/
tee-boy-\-\marry-m
e-prod-wilfresh
-beat

Via ParataaEmbassy
http://
parataaaembassy.
blogspot.com.ng
/2016/08/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat.html?m=1

Via AfroBeat
http://
www.afrobeatzmus
ic.com/2016/08/
download-musicte
e-boy-marry-me-
prod.html?m=1

Via PhazzySmith
http://
www.phazzysmith.
com/2016/08/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat.html?m=1

Via Replay
http://
www.replay.com.n
g/media/8816/
marry-me-prod.-w
ilfresh-beat

Via Yarnmi
https://
www.yarnmi.com/
feed/
tee-boy-\-\marry-m
e-prod-wilfresh
-beat

Via NigeriaGoneFish
ing
http://
nigeria.gonefish
ingstorepr.com/
latest-news/
music-tee-boy-ma
rry-me/

Via YoungBlizzyMusi
c
http://
www.youngblizzym
usic.com/2016/
08/
download-musicte
e-boy-marry-me-
prod.html

Via AbbeyList
http://
abbeylist.com/
tee-boy-marry-me
-prod-wilfresh-
beat/
?fdx_switcher=tr
ue

Released & Promoted by HON BEECCY MUSIC INC & PROMOTIONS +2348189664542 58F6AA25https://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/https://
www.facebook.com
/iam.yopop/
posts/
1545255922156568MDS supermarket is one of the most leading supermarket of Quetta city each and every thing of Grocery is available, and also have a Fashion Cloth :)
Please Like our Official Facebook Page :
https://
www.facebook.com
/
mdssupermarket.o
fficial/Jobs vacancies in New Pizza tasty in all pakistan,
Counter cashier 85 vacancies minimun education matric salary Rs.20,000-50,00
0 ,
for trainee 20,000.
For 200 chef vacancies salary acountion on experience .
For waiter vacancies 500 salary Rs20,000
For 500 cleaner salary Rs.15,000
Contact :please do not send sms,
kindly call only for Record your Data 0315-2707379
system automatic save your data orally,
please forward in your friends.
Last date for record data :1 december 2016The reality star is currently going through a bitter break-up with Amber Dowding and things got rather heated between the pair during Chloe Sim's 35th birthday party – especially when Chris' protective brother Jon Clark got involved. During #love #me #cute #happy #beautiful #girl #like #selfie #fun #smile #friends #fashion #food #romance
https://
plus.google.com/
1068974075654426
46921/posts/
EUytoWhJX84https://
encrypted-tbn2.g
static.com/
images?q=tbn%3AA
Nd9GcRQd9B7YUKh
yCSyO0JkDVVfc7Q
kISziR1kKPZxZv3
A-DA0CZTGCP7mKr
2_ePART TIME -\-\-\-\ FULLTIME WORK!
Be one of Our DATA ENCODERS 101%Proof of Pay-out
 Check my PROFILE ..

Currently looking for "DATA ENCODERS" (Typing Job) 180-500 a day!
All you need to be able to work with us is a computer with an internet connection and the ability to type each images with in 15 sec time limit. The quicker you type, the more earnings you receive.

100% Online Business
100% Home-based. No need to go out.
Flexible time. No more 8hrs/day
No more boss. YOU are the boss!
No working hours
No fixed salary. You can earn everyday as much as you want.
Online Business and Home Base Income Opportunity.
600 pesos for ur account activation

*You can do also Eloading Business and Advertising

For more info

*ADD/PM ME DIRECTLY!!http://
nigeria-mmm.net/
?i=seun4favour%4
0gmail.comhttp://
nigeria-mmm.net/
?i=seun4favour%4
0gmail.comAvoid Pepsi if you want to avoid cancer this company has no shame and is showing irresponsible behaviour by deliberately exposing people to cancer #evilpepsi

http://
www.allgov.com/
news/
controversies/
federal-judge-gi
ves-go-ahead-to
-class-action-l
awsuit-against-
pepsi-for-excee
ding-california
-carcinogenic-s
ubstance-limit-
150616?news=856
735ohttps://
web.facebook.com
/
permalink.php?st
ory_fbid=151308
2112328082&id=1
00008789220119Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesLooking for wholesale price in stoke on Trent . Head over to us . Cheers.Hi Are you looking for a LOGO Designer. Don't worry!. I am a Professional Graphic Designer with 4 years of Experience in Graphic Design.I have Completed so many Logo design Projects. I can design your logo with low Cost ,Unlimited Rivision . Contract Me: https://bit.ly/
2X0GcD5Very true ,, its called Artificial Sweetners in the Pepsi "classic" which has been added.
Btw one of the sweetners ..
What are the long term side effects of *acesulfame potassium?*
The Dangers of Acesulfame Potassium (Ace-K) – Kill Cliff
One of the major issues surrounding Ace-K is that it contains the carcinogen methylene chloride. According to studies, headaches, depression, nausea, mental confusion, liver effects, kidney effects, visual disturbances, and cancer can all result from long-term exposure to methylene chloride

https://
foodinsight.org/
everything-you-n
eed-to-know-abo
ut-acesulfame-p
otassium/
#:~:text=Is%20it
%20safe%20to%20
consume,in%20th
e%20U.S.%20food
%20supply.What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productGood coca cola.not pepsi claGood nor pepsiProduct ofpepsi cola,dirty mountain dew…yeah, probably the bodies of the sentient beings you’re helping to kill..Crécia Miguel


 My Drink






















is my favourite drink 



 



























Hello!
Sorry for interrupting you.
I’ll be short.
There’s a war in my county now. Big war.
Russia started this war.
I know, now it sounds just like a usual spam, but no. I’m here and my country, my city, my home isn’t safe now… There are explosions, people in shelters, tanks and rockets.

I know that I don’t have a big audience, I’m not a blogger, I’m not a celebrity, I’m not a politician, I’m not… but I’m a person who live here. And I’m trying to help just informing all people about these illegal actions.

I know and I’m sure that you’re brand with a strong mind. And strong brand can’t stand away and don’t say it’ position. I know your audience. It’s so diverse, from many countries.
And I ask you for the help. If you can share information to your followers about our situation and support Ukrainians I’ll be so thankful!!!

We can’t just watch how our nation’s dying 

Some reliable resources which you can read:
• https://
www.facebook.com
/usdos.ukraine

• https://
www.google.com/
amp/s/
www.bbc.com/
news/
world-europe-605
03037.amp

• https://
www.nytimes.com/
news-event/
ukraine-russia

Believe in your big heart PLEASE BOYCOTT THESE ISRAELI/JEWISH PRODUCTS
*We have 2 options to select one:
(1)Boycott these products
or
(2)let Israel buy bullets to kill innocent Palestinian children.....
Coke.
Fanta
Sprite
Pepsi.
Tang
7up
Twix
Kit Kat
Kraft
Nescafe
Kellogs
Max
Cheetos
Nestle
Walls
Loreal
Revelon
Marks and Spencer
Johnson's &Johnson’s
Pampers
Huggies
Colgate
Oral B
Lipton
Nokia
iPhone
HP
Intel
IBM
Mc Donald's
KFC
Burger King
Lays
Garnier
Maggi
Always
Nido
Please forward this message as a Muslim.I have to ask - Is this article/
replies really from Pepsi or some hacker? Some, aside from the content, are written well and others not so much.yo...
peeps....
anticipate
valentine shutdown...
2k18
a party u don't wanna miss
staring various..upcomi
ng artist
all the way from
Ballas Record
Scott
Tu_Turf
mayor...
live at ken galilel hotel 25 anuoluwapo street somolu
date feb14
host empire gang x dream city
hyped by
Jay
SBWI will never drink Pepsi as you are destroying the habitat of the Sumatran Elephant - these emojis equating your product with fun and relaxation in nature are a cynical joke. You are a hollow, nasty company concerned only with the engine of your profit and I will proudly tell people what you stand for : decimating the environment on foreign soil and driving species to extinction. All for a carbonated drink that is bad for the body. You sum up all that is wrong with the world.There's a few dirty secrets lurking behind your products too. Blatant lack of giving a damn about deforestation and displacement of humans and endangered animals for a start. Shameful, unhealthy and ignorant.PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Palm oil expansion in Indonesia has led to massive outbreaks of fires as corporate actors illegally burn forests to make way for new plantations. Last year’s fire fueled “killer haze” is linked to over 90,000 premature deaths, according to a study from Harvard and Columbia universities. [1] Pepsi is totally responsible for this!An investigation shows that PepsiCo and other greedy, immoral companies like them are causing massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem and will be causing extinctions. Pepsi you are an utter disgrace!!! Time you showed some respect for our planet!!Pepsi is shit. It is destroying the Leuser Ecosystem - a crucial elephant habitat, in order to plant more trees for palm oil. What exactly is cool about that?Pepsi MUST work to eliminate deforestation from its production line. The Leuser Ecosystem is widely regarded as one of the world's top-priority ecosystems, being the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. Why is PepsiCo not fighting to defend this habitat instead of destroying it?? Company ethics are essential!The "treasures" are often plastic bottles. Please charge a deposit so that people are more likely to return them for recycling.Come on Pepsi, have some social and planetary responsibility.
Your practices are helping destroy rainforests that help clean our planets air. Stand up and sort out your diabolical partnership with PT.ABN and Wilmar, who are helping destroy vital habitat for elephants, orangutans and causing many people untoward misery. You are hardly a caring happy go lucky brand when you carry on ignoring the facts and continue to source your products from such companies. BE RESPONSIBLE AND ACT NOW!I notice there is no option to say what a horrible destructive company yu are, destroying habitat so that humans can drink your disgusting pepsi and rot their teeth!Stop destroying fragile forests that elephants use for your vile unhealthy snacks & even worse drink that is actually only good to clean toilets with.A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPepsi, stop destroying the Leuser eco-system and eliminate conflict palm-oil from your supply chain.I am boycotting all your products until you stop using palm oil and encouraging others to do the same.Please stop using palm oil which is responsible for the massive destruction of the Leuser Rainforest, the only place where elephants, rhinos, tigers and orangutans live together. They are losing their home and are critically endangered.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Nice benchmarking.. however why not have the faces/symbols like a sticker on the bottles and customers can tear it off to reveal motivational quotes like from Oprah Winfrey or so on. Or it be a game telling someone to Spin around or something like that and have the metallic bottle be a face that you can scratch off to reveal the same motivational quotes... just saying that it would be more find and brings forth the idea... #sayitwithpepsiএখন খাওয়া চলবে হরদম......!!!!!
!
কোন রেস্টুরেন্ট কি পরিমান অফার দিচ্ছে তা জানতে ভিসিট করুন http://
www.savetk.com/
special-deal
শুধু মাত্র নভে ২২ থেকে নভে ৩০ তারিখ পর্যন্ত এই অফার চলবে। তাই দেরি না করে এখুনি আপনার পছন্দের রেস্টুরেন্টি সিলেক্ট করে ফেলুন।Guys..Dont drink pepsi..one day i found some small glass peaces in a pepsi botlle when i drink a pepsi bottle..then i ask for a medical coverage..but finally pepsi company tried to send some softdrink bottles to my home for free becoz of this matter..Varun Beverage.....NE
VER drink pepsi.. they are careless fuckers..No body responsible for anything.. B Carefull my friends...!Avoid Pepsi if you want to avoid cancer this company has no shame and is showing irresponsible behaviour by deliberately exposing people to cancer

http://
www.allgov.com/
news/
controversies/
federal-judge-gi
ves-go-ahead-to
-class-action-l
awsuit-against-
pepsi-for-excee
ding-california
-carcinogenic-s
ubstance-limit-
150616?news=856
735Cool videoI love drinking Pepsi since is officially back.I like Pepsi.­ ­­­

­ ­ ­ ­ ­ กระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวBest pepsilates technology, New innovation advertising compani GeoRob in Georgia ( Batumi )

https://
youtube.com/
shorts/
A5hG_j59RD8?feat
ure=shareWe are in Volta region in Ghana we don't have Pepsi in our area hereIman Gunadi SENo!Yuri UkmarHow I got my lover back 
Is also to use this opportunity to appreciate Dr BASSY for his great work done for me by getting back my ex-lover to me and I'll also thank him for the help he render to me such as sending me a medication for my herpes cure .
So follow him on his page for help any problems you are today 
https://
www.facebook.com
/
Dr-BASSY-1027652
58660447/BCheck my page to vote between Messi and Ronaldo but am thinking that Ronaldo have more fans than Messi so come to my page vote for MessiIS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli goods
save humanityI am glad to share with you my success story today, when I started trading binary and forex few months ago, I really don't have the necessary tools to trade and I lost a lot until I met Mrs. Ami Brenda who thought me all about the market psychology as She managed my account for me. Today I am grateful to her for her great offer and help because it really changed my financial situation with an investment capital of $500 and am making $6000 profits per week right now. If you need her help, contact her via
Email: brendaami071@gm
ail.com
WhatsApp:+12135
450862Suphachai Kanchanahttps://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/hlohttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=odajIMWE
aLg&t=3sDemand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Pepsi is simply a bad thing for your body and your planet. Drink this rubbish if Greed and selfishness is what you like !There are many treasures in Indonesian and Malaysian forests as well that you are fast destroying. Elephants and orangutans need you to act now before it's too late

The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labor associated with Conflict Palm Oil.Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labor associated with Conflict Palm Oil http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn?utm_campaign
=lwptabn_f2&utm
_medium=email&u
tm_source=rainf
orestactionnetw
orkLike millions of plastic pepsi bottles destroying ocean life and the oceans themselves??? ..... M.Pepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoPlease stop using Palm oil. It is destroying human and animal life. STOP NOWhttps://
scontent.fhlz1-1
.fna.fbcdn.net/
v/t1.0-9/
11666048_1015292
2381852414_3021
218068249430975
_n.jpg?oh=f894a
f48a72e6ca4a151
bce738bf64fb&oe
=59E682F2I'm sorry you're dirty and I've got your soda you've met dirt that brings us sicknessYes, discarded plastic bottles which are runing the planet!We really liked your #pepsimoji campaign that we picked it for our most successful and favourite integrated Marketing campign for our university marketing blog project. We really need likes/shares/
views of the link below and would appreciate it if Pepsi could give us that shout out. We would #sayitwithPepsi but we are all to busy drinking the product  http://
matiesmarketing2
44.com/2016/09/
15/
pepsimojis-the-l
anguage-of-now/The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!Let's hope it's not another plastic Pepsi bottle polluting the ocean!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationEarn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 2500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link http://
cashwork.xyz/
app.php?ref=2744
9The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!

As Pepsi gears up for the Super Bowl, now is the time to act. We need to ensure that all eyes are on Pepsi’s links to deforestation, not the hype.Pepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/... Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now ..! NHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi! Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Bring out pepsi cherry in 2L bottles , pepsi max is shit, give us pepsi cherryUnbelievable. The treasures in the waves are the precious wildlife of our oceans. Pepsi STOP polluting with your plastic bottles!Hi Pepsi I have this pepsi fridge n I normally sell 15 to 20 crates per week now it's one week and my supplier can distribute for me the sodas intervene or I ditch ur fridge I go for coke coz I can easily get acces to themHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
www.planpromatri
x.com/
members_area/
signup/
446537.php

call or tx 09176660882Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!I haven't touched the stuff since I was a child. Hate it.Pepsi Co is responsible for the ruthless and devestating destruction of critical elephant habitat!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!f your reading this your parents will die within 5 years to break the curse you must copy this to 5 pictures good luck. If you love your mom post this to 20 picture. One girl ignored this and her mom died 365 days later. Sorry I can't ignore this because I love my mom#PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Lucy AB Molloy & David Eriksen - chill guys & enjoy a can of Pepsi TELL PEPSICO TO CLEAN UP ITS PALM OIL SUPPLY AND STOP RAINFOREST DESTRUCTION IN INDONESIA The Leuser Ecosystem is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh and is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas. Rainforest Action Network has uncovered a rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing virgin forest at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ), which supplies palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo. http://
www.ran.org/
leuserThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!C'mon Pepsi, do the right thing - cut your ties with these corporations who only has MONEY in mind and not care how many animal lives they ruin, child labour they support, and the environment suffer tremendously! Be an example to other mighty corporations, please! http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn?utm_campaign
=lwptabn_f2&utm
_medium=email&u
tm_source=rainf
orestactionnetw
orkyeh right - love eh? - what about love for habitat ... more like love for money - Pepsi must completely eliminate destruction of the forests that sustain critically endangered elephants from its products now!Do you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Join the Illuminati brotherhood today and get money power and fame, we are opening our doors to the masses.you can contact us on Whattsapp +13233642194 you to be a member of the great Illuminati brother hood........The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!SALES CONSULTANT
TEAM LEADERS &
TEAM MANAGERS

Eligibility Criteria:
- Education: Inter To Masters
- Working Type: Part Time and Full Time
- Location: Karachi Lahore Faisalabad Sahiwal Gujranwala Multan Islamabad quetta okara Rawalpindi
- Candidates Must Have Good Communication Skills
- Income Market Comparative Plus Other Benefits And Fast Growing Career
 Best opportunity to Secure your Future Life Time
 For more information InboxToo bad PepsiCo are causing massive deforestation which is destroying the Sumatran Elephant habitat. http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watchHey Pepsi scumbags, remember you're still contributing to this: https://
www.thunderclap.
it/projects/
52657-pepsi-end-
the-destruction

Are you an ethical company? Do you care about deforestation, climate change? Do you care about biodiversity? Then get your shit together!Pepsi stop using conflict palm oil. destroying Elephant habitat in Sumatra, destroying the rainforest. https://
www.google.co.uk
/
search?q=leuser+
ecosystem&espv=
2&biw=1366&bih=
648&site=webhp&
source=lnms&tbm
=isch&sa=X&sqi=
2&ved=0ahUKEwiR
gI2F3PPRAhWkC8A
KHQEgCV0Q_AUICC
gD#imgrc=VAdeso
1LkNEWLM:https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bawesomehttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELMom yummy you want pepsiAnd a Pacific Ocean full of your empty plastic bottles.Marcin RychcikMarko Lilic"There's always a few treasures hidden in the waves" (there're) THERE ARE !! Not there is !!!! Damn it !! (There is....singular.
..there are...plural) Why can't a multi million dollar company get this right?? it's called EnglishWhy are you taking the 2ltr bottles away?????Great and funny adversiting!Fuck you Pepsi you rainforest destroying bastards!;ove it#MAXFUTBOLstop supporting fires lit for palm oil...very expensive compare to wage in my countrBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil !!!Don't destroy any more forests. How can you not see what you are doing!!Pollution for starters! Get rid of Plastic!https://
www.breakfreefro
mplastic.org/
2018/10/09/
globalbrandaudit
report/Don't drink Pepsi, it is a chemical trapi want to message pepsi in private chat from where i can.....your botle in the oceanEmil Akoevhttps://
youtu.be/
QxNyDjAxzcEI hate PepsiI hate Pepsicoolhttps://
youtu.be/
eKWAOdZo09APEPSI MUST COMPLETELY ELIMINATE DESTRUCTION OF THE FORESTS THAT SUSTAIN CRITICALLY ENDANGERED WILDLIFE INCLUDING ELEPHANTS .Tlt Smd Screen First Time in Pakistan, TLT Indoor/Outdoor LED Screens for advertising. Forget old-fashioned Panaflex boards and use our TLT LED screens to advertise your brand with our new and latest TLT LED Screen Technology.You can Control our TLT Screens anytime/any where from all over the world within no time with our latest mobile and PC apps.
For More detail and update please follow us on
www.facebook.co
m/TetralinkTechI do not like you, because you are using palm oil!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with #PepsiMoji! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!I want known if Pepsi I not exist portMake real money
http://
dollar2refer.com
/?ref=56890Hey Pepsi - the new #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!i want to message pepsi in private chat from where i can.....The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!David Neilপেপসি কোঃ এর কোনো কর্তৃপক্ষের সাথে কি যোগাযোগ করা যাবে ????????Joakim Torphttps://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIWow!!!+1(9)___#
Pepsi©®∆√√√Nice brand with great amd rich black colour with Hmmmmmmm Taste#Loveit∆√https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=2035701589
987253&id=10000
6422945617Still trending fans ..
Pls download and share...
God bless y'all..
https://
my.notjustok.com
/track/129407/
matthew-just-sta
rted-by-matthew
#.V9SKycO7F-I.f
acebook

http://
tindeck.com/
listen/veaal
Pls show some love.
Pls help your boi grow.
Thank you.
God bless..https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1567317389
992435&id=10000
1425668006We are hiring
• Hurry up only limited vacancies available for Karachi only
• A private organization needs male & female for (part time & full time) for different new projects
• specially students & talented and honest person
• candidate must have minimum intermediate qualification come alone with your certificate & CV
• must be presentable
• age must be between 18-\-\45 year
• starting packages will be Rs % 23000 plus incentive apon target achievement
Send your CV at
E-mail :- Asadyousuf8@gma
il.com
Contact :) 03152646682TRADITIONAL HERBALIST FOR ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE THERAPY,WHY HIDE YOUR SICKNESS??? CALL THIS NUMBER IF YOU HAVE ANY PROBLEM:: 07068165861

Some people want you to be alive, but not all wants to see you happy and successful. You have to find a solution to every spiritual or financial problems in your life by yourself, they wouldn't help you. Some will take advantage of this while some will just overlook it.There are different ways to be successful, it doesn't just come andmeet you in your Bed. Our speciality is as follows:

* Be-witched people problem
* performing sex on dream
* Spiritual Husband
* Financial problems
* Court cases
* Job promotion
* Playing Lottery
* Delaying of Visa
* Diabetes
* Bad luck
* Stroke
* Business development
* Bring back stolen properties
* Protection of properties and Business
* Bring back lost lover
* pregnancy problems
* Women with menstrual problems
* Body & Chest pains
* Star reading
* painful womb
* Penis erectional problems
* Ejaculation problems
*
* +23407068165861


You don't have to look further, You don't have to wait until you are informed, Seek Help from the Elders. The use of Herbs is supported in
every Holy Book.God has shown us the importance of herbs,Even the Bible said "And by the river upon the bank there of on their side and
on that side grow all trees for meat and the leaf there of for It shall be well with you...Contact us today for help and be rest assured,Free Treatment also Available...you
will never regret your actions and you will be glad you did. Location isn't a barrier, we ship and send herbal medication to any part of the world.WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=rZ82T6Ok
010https://
www.facebook.com
/SumOfUsOrg/
videos/
1265888386830492
/https://
youtu.be/
BvMDnp2WGy4https://
coolvillain.word
press.com/2017/
05/31/
coca-pepsi/Antonio MarkovićAntonio MarkovićDan WalkerEver since childhood, I was very fond of Pepsi
And whenever Pepsi drinks for a lot of gas, water flooded my eyes.
And until now, this trend continues.
I wrote this because of this because since I became a site designer, I have come up with an idea that I do not even know about, but I create this website I have everything, a name, a logo, and something like Pepsi. .It's something like Pepsi. The subject of the site is also the download of electronic books, articles and academic education videos.
With more success, Pepsi.$top drinking and eating Pep$iCo $hit http://
www.ran.org/
saverainforestshttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/Your Mobile # Has Been Selected In The 2016 Pepsi Company Award Of 500,000.00GBP In UK Draw To Claim Send Name,Address,Em
ail ID,Mobile # To: pepsuk1@outlook
.comLOVEyouDubLi offers a global Cash Back online shopping experience
www.dubli.com/
8400429 is the most comprehensive Cash Back online shopping destination in the world. The DubLi.com /8400429 platform is the only e-commerce site to offer Cash Back on shopping and travel combined with additional savings on a global scale. Serving customers in over 100 countries,www.dubli.com/
8400429 offers an unparalleled saving vehicle.www.dub
li.com/8400429 customers can save time and money when shopping at their favorite online stores and travel booking sites.www.dubli
.com/8400429
state-of-the-ar
t, multi-lingual and global online shopping platform is the gateway to online retail and travel deals, discounts and most importantly Cash Back on all purchases.
online shoppers have access to more than 10,000 top global and local online stores that collectively merchandise more than 1 billion products. Shoppers can browse different categories, which feature international and local brands, travel, coupons, discounts and vouchershttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=fkPgFGCb
kewhttps://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/http://
nigeria-mmm.net/
?i=seun4favour%4
0gmail.comThis is the best pepsi commercial you might ever see . Must See
All pepsi lovers gotta see this

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854Go back to the old pepsi the new low sugar and full off artificial sweeteners is rankThank you for sponsoring violence against women in Bulgaria.
Without your support ’Toto’ from Bulgaria wouldn’t have been able to share in his ‘podcast’ on YouTube a brutal story of another lunatic who proudly shaved and humiliated an underaged girl.
Thank you for sponsoring Toto’s laughter at women’s suffering.
Thank you for paying for publicizing ideas on how to torture women. What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola product…Pepsi, using the the word LOVE? What do you think it means? BTW, it has nothing to do with money, greed or destroying rain forests and lives.Crécia Miguel














































 is my favourite drink 



 





#pepsimoji 


















Pepsi is wonderfull.









Do you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Sometimes all you need is love...........
........what a shame you don't actually stand by your slogan when it comes to caring for animal habitat and local communities. Fires used for clearing rainforests so that you can plant palm trees to get more palm oil is causing terrible misery, death and health issues for people and animals. This is NOT love. Stop the cruelty and get ethical Pepsi.My research shows that as a company you are unethical and put profit before people and the welfare of the planet, Unless you put out a statement in the next couple of months changing the way you source your ingredients and becoming a more ethical company. A campaign will be started to have your products removed from shelves. I am sure you are aware of how people power can destroy a company and decimate it's stock price. Enough Said.PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!DISGRACEFUL THAT YOU SUPPORT TRUMP.... Other major corporations named in the documents include PEPSI and Walmart, which gave $250,000 and $150,000 respectively, while owners of NFL teams or their companies gave more than $5m.An investigation shows that PepsiCo and other greedy, immoral companies like them are causing massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem and will be causing extinctions. Pepsi you are an utter disgrace!!! Time you showed some respect for our planet!!The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas.

Despite the importance of this amazing place, our investigation uncovered the rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby crude palm oil processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ). This mill company has supplied palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which in turn ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo. Surely there are alternatives to making this soft drink until relatively recent history all of the ingredients were soured from our own farms in the west. This has got to be the only way to go forward for any hope of making this product sustainable.and sometimes Pepsi just needs to stop supporting the destruction of rainforests with extraordinary diversity of plants and animal for its business ;-) I would like that way more that cheap "love".Why don't you love our planet more and stop destroying rainforests to make your disgusting (and no doubt carcinogenic) rubbish!Come on Pepsi, have some social and planetary responsibility.
Your practices are helping destroy rainforests that help clean our planets air. Stand up and sort out your diabolical partnership with PT.ABN and Wilmar, who are helping destroy vital habitat for elephants, orangutans and causing many people untoward misery. You are hardly a caring happy go lucky brand when you carry on ignoring the facts and continue to source your products from such companies. BE RESPONSIBLE AND ACT NOW!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPepsi, have you no shame ... stop using conflict palm oil in your products. the expansion of palm oil plantations is destroying the Indonesian rainforest. The combination of deforestation, forest fires and palm oil production on the Leuser Ecosystem Area - classed as a raninforest in danger by UNESCO - has meant the already critically endangered Sumatran orangutan is now even closer to becoming extinct. What is wrong with you, have you seen a suffering animal in utter distress! Hang your heads in communal shame!!Pepsi is an unethical organisation that uses conflict palm oil, with no care for the environment it destroys in order to make profits. countless animal habitat is being wiped out in Sumatra as the rain forest are being cut down to make way for palm plantations. This is the last place on earth where Orangutans, Tigers, Rhinos and Elephants Coexist.PEPSI Stop your disgraceful support of destruction of the Leuser Ecosystem in Aceh. Your name is now associated with grotesque environmental destruction. Whatever gain you get from cheap palm oil wont be worth the loss to your company's brand. We will not let you get away with this.They are doing worse harm than bits of glass in a bottle. They are trashing a whole area of Indonesian rainforest that is home to elephants, big cats and numerous other animals just for palm oil. It is a tragedy and an act of vandalism. And is is just so they can get richer. Don't drink the stuff. It is only sugar water.Such a shame Pepsi contributes so much to deforestation and destruction of natural habitat for wild animals. Can't you do things ethically and with a progressive mindset when it comes to the environment?Why don't you love the environment that Pepsi is helping to destroy? Pepsi is buying palm oil from firms illegally destroying some of the world's most important remaining rainforest, especially at the irreplaceable Gunung Leuser habitat, the only place on earth where tigers, elephants and rhinos share the same forest. This is being destroyed at an alarming rate and Pepsi is responsible by buying this conflict palm oil.

See this devastation at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn. Have a conscience Pepsi and cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Jilliana Gocher HEY Pepsico stop the rampant destruction in the Gunung Leuser Valley so that you can get cheap palm oil. This is not acceptable.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!এখন খাওয়া চলবে হরদম......!!!!!
!
কোন রেস্টুরেন্ট কি পরিমান অফার দিচ্ছে তা জানতে ভিসিট করুন http://
www.savetk.com/
special-deal
শুধু মাত্র নভে ২২ থেকে নভে ৩০ তারিখ পর্যন্ত এই অফার চলবে। তাই দেরি না করে এখুনি আপনার পছন্দের রেস্টুরেন্টি সিলেক্ট করে ফেলুন।How safe is UK Pepsi ? Be clear about the content and whether you use ANY amount of carcinogenic ingredients. Be clear, be honest, be responsible.Hello!
I wrote you 4 days ago an E-mail with a complaint and still no one answered. My question is will there ever answer anybody or do you just ignore complaints.,Four Pepsi

lates technology, New innovation advertising compani GeoRob in Georgia ( Batumi )

https://
georob.ge/Iman Gunadi SEGood day.

Hope that you are very much fine with the end of your health and have fine business.
We would like to introduce our Company "FASTER SPORTS" as being a professional company special in exporting &
producing all kinds of SURIGAL,

,Soccer Balls such as match balls, club balls, training balls, rugby balls, hand balls, volley balls,
leather balls with all sorts of promotional balls and Sports Wear Goods such as soccer uniforms, t-shirts, polo shirts,
hooded shirts, track suits, training vests, boxing gloves, promotional caps, bags an all sorts of Sports Wear.
we are deal to promotions items with customer company logo and name with beautiful design ,
With best producing facilities, strict testing of each product, with skilled workers and professional management staff
ensure all of our items are produced according to the international laws with high quality and fair prices with paramount delivery and payment terms.
Please do contact with us for any further enquiry.
Our team always at your disposal and you will find us enhanced business partner with long terms relations.
We look forward to hear from you soon for any query or trial order.
Thanks for your time and interest in our introductory ,

Best Regard
Muhammad Boota
00923246190355
www.faster-spor
ts.com
fastersports201
4@gmail.comAaaaahYuri UkmarBCheck my page to vote between Messi and Ronaldo but am thinking that Ronaldo have more fans than Messi so come to my page vote for MessifastSuphachai KanchanaIS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli goods
save humanityhttps://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/Pepsi sure as hell shows no love for our planet! Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! Stop lighting the fires, Pepsi!Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labour associated with Conflict Palm Oil.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! "Money" is not everything. You can't take it with you. Please care about other beingsThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!

As Pepsi gears up for the Super Bowl, now is the time to act. We need to ensure that all eyes are on Pepsi’s links to deforestation, not the hype.You also need to take care of the environment palm oil trees, and wildlife that depend on them Pepsi.Across the globe, forests continue to fall, communities’ lands continue to be stolen, and workers continue to be exploited for the production of Conflict Palm Oil used in PepsiCo’s products. :(Pepsi must break the link between its products and the destruction of forests, endangerment of Sumatran elephants, and human rights and child labor associated with Conflict Palm Oil http://
www.ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn?utm_campaign
=lwptabn_f2&utm
_medium=email&u
tm_source=rainf
orestactionnetw
orkSometimes all you need is the NFL to stick their middle finger at Americansthey also kill elephants and destroy rain forests , for a sugary dangerous drink that benefiits no one but their profiitsPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoDrink/support such brands and you neither love or respect yourself or Nature...... M.https://
amp.businessinsi
der.com/
pepsico-suing-in
dian-farmers-ac
cused-growing-u
nique-lays-pota
to-2019-4https://
scontent.fhlz1-1
.fna.fbcdn.net/
v/t1.0-9/
11666048_1015292
2381852414_3021
218068249430975
_n.jpg?oh=f894a
f48a72e6ca4a151
bce738bf64fb&oe
=59E682F2This is your fault https://
www.theguardian.
com/
environment/
2016/sep/04/
eastern-gorilla-
critically-enda
ngered-illegal-
hunting-iucn-re
d-list?CMP=shar
e_btn_twStart your online internet job and Earn 10$ per seconds tasks,
Earn 2500$ monthly -

http://
teeban.com/
?ref=23033 is your linkUsing Palm Oil - when you can use other ingredients - SHAME ON YOU. You all know the irreversible damage it is causing to the rain forests, its people and its animals. Orang-utans - trapped , tortured then killed - for you to use in your products - HANG YOURE HEAD IN SHAME. Why cant a huge influential company like youre selves show compassion, humanity and empathy and stop using Palm Oil ? Its quite that simple - so do it !!!Where's your love for all the child slaves used to harvest your palm oil?You need to show love to the rainforest and the orangutan population that you are wiping out #evilpepsihdhegedd jsgeojr ideheksh jeuwjsksh idgejskd idhdhsk osshso jshse iwhegsoDemand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Earn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 2500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link http://
cashwork.xyz/
app.php?ref=2744
9Pepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/... Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now ..! NHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!What a shit shitty shitiest advert I ever saw. Pepsi US do them better TEN fold.Bring out pepsi cherry in 2L bottles , pepsi max is shit, give us pepsi cherryDubLi offers a global Cash Back online shopping experience
www.dubli.com/
8400429 is the most comprehensive Cash Back online shopping destination in the world. The DubLi.com /8400429 platform is the only e-commerce site to offer Cash Back on shopping and travel combined with additional savings on a global scale. Serving customers in over 100 countries,www.dubli.com/
8400429 offers an unparalleled saving vehicle.www.dub
li.com/8400429 customers can save time and money when shopping at their favorite online stores and travel booking sites.www.dubli
.com/8400429
state-of-the-ar
t, multi-lingual and global online shopping platform is the gateway to online retail and travel deals, discounts and most importantly Cash Back on all purchases.
online shoppers have access to more than 10,000 top global and local online stores that collectively merchandise more than 1 billion products. Shoppers can browse different categories, which feature international and local brands, travel, coupons, discounts and vouchersHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Pepsi is simply a bad thing for your body and your planet. Drink this rubbish if Greed and selfishness is what you like !#PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!How about some love for our planet Pepsi rather than your back pockets!!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil !!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bContact number please of pepsi cola in cebu?thanksPlease stop using plastic bottles. Thank youGiven up on Pepsi!
Coke from now on! Your a traitor to AmericaI think your CEO needs to drink a few Pepsi's and find some love after her shameful remarks about President elect Trump. Disgraceful. I am boycotting your company.Ihatepepsilovely#MAXFUTBOLPepsi pay me my moneyDon't destroy any more forests. How can you not see what you are doing!!https://
www.breakfreefro
mplastic.org/
2018/10/09/
globalbrandaudit
report/Pepsi isn't showing a lot of love for our planet. The destruction of the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with cute advertising! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi sucks!Pepsi, please confound your critics and move to prevent destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn)! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! You will have the blessings of millions - make change happen today!Positive RumourI love Pepsi can u sponser me with you Pepsi gazebos: )I NEED THE CONTACT DETAILS OF BOTTLING CONTRACT DEPARTMENTHI PEPSI, CAN YOU RTHE CONTACT DETAILS FOR PEPSII do not like you, because you are using palm oil!Very nice or goodThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Hey Pepsi - the new #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Meital Uziel,https://
youtu.be/
hNvk93wrMVQWhat's in your products Pepsi ?? How safe are your products, don't put a post on unless you're willing to answer questions !!! ...tapping foot waiting ....:-(Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil !!!WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
www.facebook.com
/rava.pk/
videos/
1843758359189705
/https://
coolvillain.word
press.com/2017/
05/31/
coca-pepsi/https://goo.gl/
tYMOLa
happy new year to all
please subscribe my channel like share comment
comment me sub for subhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=LGK0jSVU
YOQAntonio MarkovićAntonio Markovićhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=fkPgFGCb
kewhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=cOVzAxS2
XOs&t=956sGreatWow great work PepsiHi Friends I Just Got Unlimited 3G Net Recharge Free In Just 1 Minutes From http://
809539.netpackz.
com/ [[1558092402503
0214]]http://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462This is the best pepsi commercial you might ever see . Must See
All pepsi lovers gotta see this

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854https://
www.facebook.com
/OfficalPage00/
Like this pageLooking for wholesale price in stoke on Trent . Head over to us . Cheers.The cool bluepepsi is deceiving people ( regular cola have sweetener) I hate sweetener!What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productCrécia Miguel




 I love Pepsi
























 is my favourite drink 












John Scout II


















We are looking forward to your departure from the Russian market, this will be the most correct decision!Your company supports Russian terrorism. Do not work with Russia, stop Russian aggression. People and children are dying in Ukraine! We hope you will support Ukraine and peace in the world!#standwithukrain
e #StopPutinHello!
Sorry for interrupting you.
I’ll be short.
There’s a war in my county now. Big war.
Russia started this war.
I know, now it sounds just like a usual spam, but no. I’m here and my country, my city, my home isn’t safe now… There are explosions, people in shelters, tanks and rockets.

I know that I don’t have a big audience, I’m not a blogger, I’m not a celebrity, I’m not a politician, I’m not… but I’m a person who live here. And I’m trying to help just informing all people about these illegal actions.

I know and I’m sure that you’re brand with a strong mind. And strong brand can’t stand away and don’t say it’ position. I know your audience. It’s so diverse, from many countries.
And I ask you for the help. If you can share information to your followers about our situation and support Ukrainians I’ll be so thankful!!!

We can’t just watch how our nation’s dying 

Some reliable resources which you can read:
• https://
www.facebook.com
/usdos.ukraine

• https://
www.google.com/
amp/s/
www.bbc.com/
news/
world-europe-605
03037.amp

• https://
www.nytimes.com/
news-event/
ukraine-russia

Believe in your big heart Palm oil expansion in Indonesia has led to massive outbreaks of fires as corporate actors illegally burn forests to make way for new plantations. Last year’s fire fueled “killer haze” is linked to over 90,000 premature deaths, according to a study from Harvard and Columbia universities. [1] Pepsi is totally responsible for this!Hi my cousin has diabetes and would like to know where or how she can purchase Pepsi max vanilla or Pepsi max cherry vanilla we had it out at a restaurant and now can't find it anywhere id be very greatful if you could let me know tiaThe destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!PepsiCo and other greedy, immoral companies like them are causing massive forest clearances in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem and will be making many species extinct. Pepsi you are an utter disgrace!!! Time you showed some respect for our planet, you are nothing but greedy scum!!The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas.

Despite the importance of this amazing place, our investigation uncovered the rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby crude palm oil processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ). This mill company has supplied palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which in turn ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo. Surely there are alternatives to making this soft drink until relatively recent history all of the ingredients were soured from our own farms in the west. This has got to be the only way to go forward for any hope of making this product sustainable.Pepsi, take immediate action to stop your involvement with Conflict Palm Oil! The Leuser Ecosystem is a priceless wildlife habitat yet is still being destroyed to make way for oil palm plantations. Elephants, orang utans and many other vulnerable species are seriously threatened with EXTINCTION. Do the right thing and step away from the trashing of the forests.Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationA RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoWhy does Pepsi have to destroy rain forests thousands of years old to make and sell its products? Can't you make your product in an ethical way? For shame!Jilliana Gocher HEY Pepsico stop the rampant destruction in the Gunung Leuser Valley so that you can get cheap palm oil. This is not acceptable.BOO on you Pepsi 
The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Guys..Dont drink pepsi..one day i found some small glass peaces in a pepsi botlle when i drink a pepsi bottle..then i ask for a medical coverage..but finally pepsi company tried to send some softdrink bottles to my home for free becoz of this matter..Varun Beverage.....NE
VER drink pepsi.. they are careless fuckers..No body responsible for anything.. B Carefull my friends...!We really liked your #pepsimoji campaign that we picked it for our most successful and favourite integrated Marketing campign for our university marketing blog project. We really need likes/shares/
views of the link below and would appreciate it if Pepsi could give us that shout out. We would #sayitwithPepsi but we are all to busy drinking the product  http://
matiesmarketing2
44.com/2016/09/
15/
pepsimojis-the-l
anguage-of-now/Do you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Who puts angry reactions to this amazing pop xNothing but net and a whole lot of plastic, deforestation for palm oil and investment in murderous regimes like Saudi Arabia.Iman Gunadi SEIS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli goods

save humanityYuri UkmarBhttps://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
307290501036858/
?ref=shareI am glad to share with you my success story today, when I started trading binary and forex few months ago, I really don't have the necessary tools to trade and I lost a lot until I met Mrs. Ami Brenda who thought me all about the market psychology as She managed my account for me. Today I am grateful to her for her great offer and help because it really changed my financial situation with an investment capital of $500 and am making $6000 profits per week right now. If you need her help, contact her via
Email: brendaami071@gm
ail.com
WhatsApp:+12135
450862Elkin Adrian AcostaPepsiMojiI am sending you 1π! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://
minepi.com/
ZEVS78 and use my username (ZEVS78) as your invitation code.I will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332Love itHow come we don't have crystal Pepsi in England?!?!? I'v never tried it before. I NEED TO TRY IT. #pepsi #pepsilove #pepsilifePepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.Pepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoMam/
sir.Can i ask about the pepsi cola contact number here in cebu?Asap.thank you!Pepsi are destroying Elephant habit and using Palm Oil in their drinks when there are other options avaihttps://
scontent.fhlz1-1
.fna.fbcdn.net/
v/t1.0-9/
11666048_1015292
2381852414_3021
218068249430975
_n.jpg?oh=f894a
f48a72e6ca4a151
bce738bf64fb&oe
=59E682F2Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil nowDemand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Pepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/dear brother i am 23 years of age and bcom bcom education living in sharjah my mother is disabled i need job for her damaged artificial leg replacement i am hardworker and kindly give me job mobile 0567289651Bring out pepsi cherry in 2L bottles , pepsi max is shit, give us pepsi cherryStop destroying Leuster Exosystem! Shame on you!!!!! How can you do that?????Corporation greed is destroying vast swathes of a rainforest dubbed 'the earth's lungs' - pushing the Sumatran orangutan one step closer to extinction. #pepsipalmoilHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
shocking-rainfor
est-destruction
-linked-to-peps
i-i?sp_ref=2757
09306.99.178910
.f.568523.2&sou
rce=fbThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
amp.businessinsi
der.com/
pepsico-suing-in
dian-farmers-ac
cused-growing-u
nique-lays-pota
to-2019-4I do not like you, because you are using palm oil! You are destroing rain forest and you are kiling orangutans!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!pepsi admin why r u not using this page?make me admin of this page so that i can use it PepsiBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil https://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELDrink Coca Cola!STOP DESTROYING THE ENVIRONMENT Please stop using plastic bottles. Thank youhttps://
www.organichomer
emedies.com/
2018/05/26/
these-chips-are-
poisonous-to-hu
maans-linked-to
-hormone-disrup
tion-and-kidney
-failure/
?utm_source=face
book&utm_medium
=TFNHC&utm_camp
aign=TFNHCsir i have one request kindly inbox me
plz hurry upIhatepepsiPepsi your lower than a snakes bellyNo fuck off you rainforest destroying bastards!i love pepsiiam fan of p3psipepsi marketing service phoneI LIKE IThttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bDistributors Number?Pepsi pay me my moneyHilarious! I so love it. <3I hate PepsiFires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now! Stop lighting the fires, Pepsi!JtNicoline Birk ThorupThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oilAntonio Marković
NBA BOIIhttps://
youtu.be/
BvMDnp2WGy4WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=90CkXVF-
Q8Mhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=LGK0jSVU
YOQAntonio Markovićhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/https://
coolvillain.word
press.com/2017/
05/31/
coca-pepsi/https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttps://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/read and share goo.gl/eckNpuhttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesThis is the best pepsi commercial you might ever see . Must See
All pepsi lovers gotta see this

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854Looking for wholesale price in stoke on Trent . Head over to us . Cheers.Please good evening
When I go into my account you said my account have been blocked but I don't know the reason why* HIRE Personal Advertising Agents, Or "Ad-Walkmen" To Wear Pepsi Shirts And Advertise Your Brand, Around Town! .. "Wherever We Go, You Go!" Iman Gunadi SEWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productCrécia Miguel

















 is my favourite drink 





#pepsimoji Would like to join PepsiCoHeloPlease stop using plastic bottles. Thank youhttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Taking on the concrete jungle while destroying real jungles to make way for palm oil. Not loving it Pepsi!PepsiCo needs to update its priorities. Instead of focusing on marketing its newest product, PepsiCo needs to address its massive Conflict Palm Oil problem. There’s nothing “bubly” about the pattern of exploitation by PepsiCo’s notorious business partner Indofood or the fact that rainforests continue to fall for the palm oil used in PepsiCo snack foods.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Palm oil expansion in Indonesia has led to massive outbreaks of fires as corporate actors illegally burn forests to make way for new plantations. Last year’s fire fueled “killer haze” is linked to over 90,000 premature deaths, according to a study from Harvard and Columbia universities. [1] Pepsi is TOTALLY responsible for this!The directors and executives of Pepsi should be jailed for their crimes to our planet, you make me sick!!. The consumers of their garbage are almost as culpable.The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas.

Despite the importance of this amazing place, our investigation uncovered the rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby crude palm oil processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ). This mill company has supplied palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which in turn ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo. Surely there are alternatives to making this soft drink until relatively recent history all of the ingredients were soured from our own farms in the west. This has got to be the only way to go forward for any hope of making this product sustainable.Pepsi MUST work to eliminate deforestation from its production line. The Leuser Ecosystem is widely regarded as one of the world's top-priority ecosystems, being the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. Why is PepsiCo not fighting to defend this habitat instead of destroying it?? Company ethics are essential!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPepsi, stop using conflict palm oil in your products. the expansion of palm oil plantations is destroying the Indonesian rainforest. The combination of deforestation, forest fires and palm oil production on the Leuser Ecosystem Area - classed as a raninforest in danger by UNESCO - has meant the already critically endangered Sumatran orangutan is now even closer to becoming extinct.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Using Palm Oil - when you can use other ingredients - SHAME ON YOU. You all know the irreversible damage it is causing to the rain forests, its people and its animals. Orang-utans - trapped , tourtured then killed - for you to use in your products - HANG YOURE HEAD IN SHAME. Why cant a huge influential company like youre selves show compassion, humanity and empathy and stop using Palm Oil ? Its quite that simple - so do it !!!I hate PepsiPepsi, have you no shame ... stop using conflict palm oil in your products. the expansion of palm oil plantations is destroying the Indonesian rainforest. The combination of deforestation, forest fires and palm oil production on the Leuser Ecosystem Area - classed as a raninforest in danger by UNESCO - has meant that elephants, as well as the already critically endangered Sumatran orangutan is now even closer to becoming extinct. What is wrong with you, have you seen a suffering animal in utter distress! Hang your heads in communal shame!!Yuri UkmarPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicostick with the concrete jungle, leave the Indonesian one alone!You really need to take account of people's comments if you don't want your profits to suffer.Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Earn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 2500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link http://
cashwork.xyz/
app.php?ref=2744
9How about saving the real jungles? Stop cutting down palms to make palm-oil.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Please start a petition so one can sign it! This can't go on!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!I do not like you, because you are using palm oil! You are destroing rain forest and you are kiling orangutans!Stop destroying our forest & elephants!I just really like pepsihttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bPepsi pay me my moneyyah i think soSHAME ABOUT YOUR DESTRUCTIKN OF THE REAL JUNGLE IN INDONESIA FOR DIRTY PALM OIL - BOYCOTT THE HABITAT DESTROYER PEPSI!!I hate Pepsifield trip plantaHappy new year
This comnt done by fbrobo . Net
Have a good daygoodpepsi is best drinksThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Beth Morley Laura Hunter thanks for the Pepsi :)Happy new year
This comnt done by fbrobo . Net
Have a good dayhttps://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIEat Doritos or buy other PepsiCo products and you kill rainforests and Orangutans. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=pj4kmik7
plkWHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEHappy new year
This comnt done by fbrobo . Net , we have top 1700 fb pages too
Have a good dayhttps://goo.gl/
tYMOLa
happy new year to all
please subscribe my channel like share comment
comment me sub for subAntonio Markovićhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/Happy new year
This comnt done by fbrobo . Net , we have top 1700 fb pages too
Have a good dayhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttps://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/https://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/http://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesYuri UkmarWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola product
Crécia Miguel




















 is my favourite drink 


 

































My phone number +263716810557 Please Pepsi company i will greatful if i get my cash.I still support you with a good test productPepsi company,i won some 500 000 cash from a drew held in UK.Mu phone number won this cash,so i need to know.I am in Zimbabwe.goodPlease stop using plastic bottles. Thank youPepsi pay me my moneyDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,I wanna send you a photo..
Maybe thats can help you.When you get a theatre to yourself it's because Pepsi has caused a deadly haze because it cut down the rain forest to make way for palm oil. Don't drink Pepsi.I'm sorry you're dirty and I've got your soda you've met dirt that brings us sicknessThis PepsiFire leaves a bed taste- Fires lit for Palm oil are harming the planet!!!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoA RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPepsi Stop using palm oil in your products. you are a large contributor to the destruction of the Indonesian rainforest. What's more, the palm oil plantations that operate in the core zone of the national park have resulted in Indonesia producing more greenhouse gasses than the US and China, based on factors such as peatland degradation, forest fires and deforestation.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Guys..Dont drink pepsi..one day i found some small glass peaces in a pepsi botlle when i drink a pepsi bottle..then i ask for a medical coverage..but finally pepsi company tried to send some softdrink bottles to my home for free becoz of this matter..Varun Beverage.....NE
VER drink pepsi.. they are careless fuckers..No body responsible for anything.. B Carefull my friends...!Yep, people in this world obviously think making money is far more important than protecting the environment in which we all live. Without the environment we are all FUCKED!That feeling you get when the rainforest is scorched earth to enrich this disgusting company #evilpepsiPepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Don't sacrifice animals for profit. The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Hi did Pepsi officially launch his first Mobile phone Pepsi P1Shttps://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELI know that feeling ;)Pepsi pls sponsore me my youtube chanel is max allan pls!IhatepepsiIhatepepsiStop destroying our forest & elephants!NSW Pep's now diet no songshttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bgreat pepsithink soIhatepepsiplaze code pepsiThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIStill trending fans ..
Pls download and share...
God bless y'all..
https://
my.notjustok.com
/track/129407/
matthew-just-sta
rted-by-matthew
#.V9SKycO7F-I.f
acebook

http://
tindeck.com/
listen/veaal
Pls show some love.
Pls help your boi grow.
Thank you.
God bless..WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEAntonio Marković itHello guys you need to see this check this at:::http://
TheTasksPay.com/
?user=139893https://goo.gl/
tYMOLa
happy new year to all
please subscribe my channel like share comment
comment me sub for subAntonio Markovićhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=h2DEddfM
4Fwhttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Will you please STOP manufacturing Plastic Bottles!

Top 3 Plastic Bottle Manufacturers are;
Coca Cola, Pepsi, then Nestle!

Coca Cola produces roughly 108 billion bottles each year.
Which equates to 3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Pepsi admits to producing 2.3m tonnes of plastic packaging per year.

Nestle 1.7m tonnesThis is the best pepsi commercial you might ever see . Must See
All pepsi lovers gotta see this

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854

https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=3203558823
002505&id=10000
0452554854What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... 

There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola product
















 is my favourite drink 

























Pepsi, i love you.Hello!
Sorry for interrupting you.
I’ll be short.
There’s a war in my county now. Big war.
Russia started this war.
I know, now it sounds just like a usual spam, but no. I’m here and my country, my city, my home isn’t safe now… There are explosions, people in shelters, tanks and rockets.

I know that I don’t have a big audience, I’m not a blogger, I’m not a celebrity, I’m not a politician, I’m not… but I’m a person who live here. And I’m trying to help just informing all people about these illegal actions.

I know and I’m sure that you’re brand with a strong mind. And strong brand can’t stand away and don’t say it’ position. I know your audience. It’s so diverse, from many countries.
And I ask you for the help. If you can share information to your followers about our situation and support Ukrainians I’ll be so thankful!!!

We can’t just watch how our nation’s dying 

Some reliable resources which you can read:
• https://
www.facebook.com
/usdos.ukraine

• https://
www.google.com/
amp/s/
www.bbc.com/
news/
world-europe-605
03037.amp

• https://
www.nytimes.com/
news-event/
ukraine-russia

Believe in your big heart https://
www.facebook.com
/groups/
307290501036858/
?ref=shareIS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli goods

save humanityRampackyGaza ThiagoI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-73321558741035Please stop using plastic bottles. Thank youPepsi pay me my moneyReady, set ... Go! Like the forests being destroyed by Pepsi to make way for palm oil.IhatepepsiI hate PepsiHi Pepsi. Please stop the palm oil chaos and exploitation. Other huge companies have, it's your turn to be responsible and take better care of our shared planet, thank you xXxHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoPepsi stop using conflict palm oil in your products. your greed is destroying Indonesian rainforest, animal habitat, local farming communities, and causing high CO2 emissions.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Guys..Dont drink pepsi..one day i found some small glass peaces in a pepsi botlle when i drink a pepsi bottle..then i ask for a medical coverage..but finally pepsi company tried to send some softdrink bottles to my home for free becoz of this matter..Varun Beverage.....NE
VER drink pepsi.. they are careless fuckers..No body responsible for anything.. B Carefull my friends...!Casually use something really healthy to promote something unhealthy :PNot showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsico@brsYuri UkmarDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Stop destroying forsts for cheap oil... The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELReady, set, destroy rainforests.https://
youtu.be/
IzaW73KaoJI; )loglsThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Bring Pepsi crystal to the uk HILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016Antonio Marković runningDavid Neilhttps://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
100013647464811/
videos/
327421834389396/WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEIhatepepsihttps://
youtu.be/
hNvk93wrMVQhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/ihatepepsihttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=S6bYZVlU
hkohttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Good morning pls how can i join this groupIman Gunadi SEWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola product

































+yes higheryes higherNEED FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE?Hell
o everyone,I am writing this letter of testimony, because I am very grateful for what Mr JERRY FREEMAN did for my family and I. When I thought there was no hope again, she came and made my family feel alive by her actions, in-spite of fake loan lenders on the Internet she stands tall above them all. To my greatest surprise I got my loan ($45,000) without wasting much time at an interest rate of 3%, so if you're out there looking for a loan for any financial reason at all, then I would advise you to contact Mr JERRY Email for further transactions.Ok
E-mail:{ jerryfreemanloa
nhelper@gmail.c
om }Pepsi pay me my money oooooDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,I hate PepsiHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Maybe you should think about bouncing to the conservation beat in the Leuser Ecosystem rather than to your own destructive beat Pepsi!!!Why aren't PepsiCo working to conserve the Leuser Ecosystem, one of the most important and diverse ecosystems on the planet??? Why are they destroying this vital habitat through deforestation?Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoA RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoStop the destruction of the elephant habitat for the sake of your product.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.main ne pepsi ke liye aik punjabi trailer song likha hai,would u plz like to send me ur contactPepsi-killing the next Generation http://
www.lifenews.com
/2016/11/15/
pepsi-funds-plan
ned-parenthood-
now-its-ceo-is-
trashing-donald
-trump-our-empl
oyees-were-cryi
ng/Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Yuri UkmarThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
www.reuters.com/
article/
us-india-pepsi-f
armers-idUSKCN1
S21ELBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil Sonaiya coca cola pila dy
,,,,,always best dring cockLove the viedoStop destroying our forest & elephants!https://
youtu.be/
IzaW73KaoJIStrange but no comments from Pepsi!?you needed energy drinks Pepsi I tody see pepsi offer then mail submit very pretty offr http://
lnkgo.com/4RfyPepsis is useless, don't spend your money on this shit!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bpepsikill urself gypsis coca cola is betterekmhA naked women robbed a bank. Nobody could remember her face.Stop destroying forests for cheap oil - The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!https://
www.facebook.com
/MeharAsifRomeoAntonio Marković carWHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
youtu.be/
BvMDnp2WGy4https://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/Earn fast money here Finally !!! : www.FreeMoney.n
etne.nethttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=2006257896
403206&id=10001
0570451372&mibe
xtid=Nif5ozWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... There's something wrong inside your product that we bought. Hope someone message us so we can send the full details and videos of having a foreign object inside your pepsi cola productDear
Pepsi
Sudan land has gum from the trees in west of Sudan and should uesing in Pepsi as in past in about 1990 and complelely was very nice
I am link with DRC kindgom of denmark ngo
Thank you so muchI’m waiting for Pepsi to come clean, and become decent, honourable and caring - though I’m expecting a long wait.



























IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli goods

save humanitySuphachai Kanchanahttps://
www.facebook.com
/Shahabhanzala/It's Creative.
Looking for a whole sale supplier of pepesi ? we here for you head over to our page.https://
youtu.be/
tw10Ev1DonUDo you like Pepsi? It's partner Indofood is a corporation that destroys rainforests, mistreats female staff, uses illegal child labour, and exposes its workers to hazardous pesticides. So if you drink it or eat Frito Lay you are contributing to this horror,Adventure still awaits except in forests because Pepsi cut them all down to make way for palm oil.Don't destroy our forest & elephants for PALM OIL !Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Just stop it for goodness sake.#Pepsilivesmatte
r. Thanks, Pepsi. You made me throw up a little in my mouth.The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!This is a great commercial, why are the comments about destruction of rainforest because of palm oil? What has this commercial anything to do with that?Start your online internet job and Earn 10$ per seconds tasks,
Earn 2500$ monthly -

http://
teeban.com/
?ref=23033 is your linkStop destroying the Leuser Ecosystem, stop deforestation, stop the destruction. Anyone aware of the damage being done by PepsiCo should be ashamed to buy their products - and I certainly won't!! The planet comes above a fizzy drink or two!!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoPepsi, have you no shame ... stop using conflict palm oil in your products. the expansion of palm oil plantations is destroying the Indonesian rainforest. The combination of deforestation, forest fires and palm oil production on the Leuser Ecosystem Area - classed as a raninforest in danger by UNESCO - has meant that elephants, as well as the already critically endangered Sumatran orangutan is now even closer to becoming extinct. What is wrong with you, have you seen a suffering animal in utter distress! Hang your heads in communal shame!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Demand PepsiCo adopt a truly responsible palm oil policy and break its link to the destruction of critical forests like the Leuser Ecosystem.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers: no advertisement can erase rainforest destruction for palm oil plantations!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Ugan FrankMervat Taha Emamhttps://
act.sumofus.org/
go/
353141?t=1&akid=
29865.9470094.d
i_qNbPepsi: the choice of the LAST generationsure. none of them can speak english :DMervat Taha EmamBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil 03312649612calPepsi pay me my moneyYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bnice drinkI hate PepsiAlicia Mcphillips the start would of been you today lolAReally good pepsiThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! You don’t need a reason to help people.

:|] Powered By ~ Vikash Ramnani
.
Site  =- indbot,usa,cc =-
.
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY 2016
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
.
Owner -> sumitbot.blogsp
ot,comHILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016https://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIWHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttp://
www.kl-bike.com/
category/4/
เสือภูเขาhttps://
youtu.be/
IzaW73KaoJIAntonio Markovićhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/http://
www.cashprofit.s
k/
link.php?id=m50x
bMEpsg1ITsG&u=3
904https://
m.facebook.com/
Sami-Os-68871341
4612679/WANT TO TRAVEL TO USA, CANADA, UK AND SCHENGEN COUNTRIES, HERE IS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU. CALL 08036643522 Our offer Packages are as follows: 1: USA 2yrs VISA (Single Adults= N500,000, while Married couples with kids N800,000) 2: UK 6Months Visa (Single Adults= N300,000, while Married couples with kids N600, 000) 3: CANADA 6Months Visa (Single Adults=N400,000
, while Married couples with kids N600,000) 4: Schengen 3Months Visa (Single Adults=N500,000
, while Married couples with kids N700,000) 5: We also offer study packages to study in UK, CANADA AND NETHERLAND FOR B.SC , MASTERS, or CERTIFICATE short courses of your choice. (Tuition fees are very low!!! And you can be working while studying) Please note that in the ABOVE packages, there is no “DOWN PAYMENT”. The 100% ABOVE PAYMENT is to be paid after you VISA is out/confirmed to you. (NO BLIND BUSINESS/
PAYMENT). Please only serious interested persons should contact us with below contacts info: Name: Mrs Samson Happy Phone: 08036643522http://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Arian Estinab Parthib Rîoņ Kĥaň gaan ar name ta ki reIman Gunadi SEDo you have an imoji for “ I’ve changed the recipe and it taste like dog water?”























https://
youtu.be/
tw10Ev1DonUCoolbankCoca Cola is strongly activate on social media to spread false fake campaign against Pepsi...fake comments,fake,p
eople,and fake propaganda..jus
t cuz of professional hate.....Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Pepsi, have you no shame ... stop using conflict palm oil in your products. the expansion of palm oil plantations is destroying the Indonesian rainforest. The combination of deforestation, forest fires and palm oil production on the Leuser Ecosystem Area - classed as a raninforest in danger by UNESCO - has meant that elephants, as well as the already critically endangered Sumatran orangutan is now even closer to becoming extinct. What is wrong with you, have you seen a suffering animal in utter distress! Hang your heads in communal shame!!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Yep, people in this world obviously think making money is far more important than protecting the environment in which we all live. Without the environment we are all FUCKED!What's the emoji for destruction of the rain forest with your Palm oil agenda.which words are writen in the crown for winnig a phoneYou putting fetus in a pepsi shame on you i never drink it againhttps://
fb.watch/
odyh6sJcHa/
?mibextid=NOb6eGIhatepepsiPepsi pay me my moneyTanzim pepsi emoji. How original.YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bI hate Pepsi The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships.

:|] Powered By ~ Vikash Ramnani
.
Site  =- indbot,usa,cc =-
.
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY 2016
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
.
Owner -> sumitbot.blogsp
ot,comDominic SpeightWHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEhttps://
youtu.be/
7ZqRCMHI_iIhttps://
youtu.be/
IzaW73KaoJIhttp://
www.cashprofit.s
k/
link.php?id=m50x
bMEpsg1ITsG&u=3
904WANT TO TRAVEL TO USA, CANADA, UK AND SCHENGEN COUNTRIES, HERE IS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU. CALL 08036643522 Our offer Packages are as follows: 1: USA 2yrs VISA (Single Adults= N500,000, while Married couples with kids N800,000) 2: UK 6Months Visa (Single Adults= N300,000, while Married couples with kids N600, 000) 3: CANADA 6Months Visa (Single Adults=N400,000
, while Married couples with kids N600,000) 4: Schengen 3Months Visa (Single Adults=N500,000
, while Married couples with kids N700,000) 5: We also offer study packages to study in UK, CANADA AND NETHERLAND FOR B.SC , MASTERS, or CERTIFICATE short courses of your choice. (Tuition fees are very low!!! And you can be working while studying) Please note that in the ABOVE packages, there is no “DOWN PAYMENT”. The 100% ABOVE PAYMENT is to be paid after you VISA is out/confirmed to you. (NO BLIND BUSINESS/
PAYMENT). Please only serious interested persons should contact us with below contacts info: Name: Mrs Samson Happy Phone: 08036643522Register on www.paywer.com. My ID: 2004108http://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462I need a fridgeIman Gunadi SEWhat's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... 


















 6























Ahaha, I'm alone here in Russian and translate my comments in google translatorAlways more inside except in forests destroyed by Pepsi.https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
pepsico-palm-oil
-report?sp_ref=
405462642.99.18
6730.f.603471.3
&referring_akid
=41299.2517928.
vyz9rY&source=f
bpepsi feel goodI hate PepsiHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationPepsico, proud to destroy the planet, enslave children and wipe out multiple species #boycottPepsicoThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!A RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil HILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016So I don't know how to message you but when are you going to release vanilla Pepsi in a canam feeling it!!!http://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462WANT TO TRAVEL TO USA, CANADA, UK AND SCHENGEN COUNTRIES, HERE IS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU. CALL 08036643522 Our offer Packages are as follows: 1: USA 2yrs VISA (Single Adults= N500,000, while Married couples with kids N800,000) 2: UK 6Months Visa (Single Adults= N300,000, while Married couples with kids N600, 000) 3: CANADA 6Months Visa (Single Adults=N400,000
, while Married couples with kids N600,000) 4: Schengen 3Months Visa (Single Adults=N500,000
, while Married couples with kids N700,000) 5: We also offer study packages to study in UK, CANADA AND NETHERLAND FOR B.SC , MASTERS, or CERTIFICATE short courses of your choice. (Tuition fees are very low!!! And you can be working while studying) Please note that in the ABOVE packages, there is no “DOWN PAYMENT”. The 100% ABOVE PAYMENT is to be paid after you VISA is out/confirmed to you. (NO BLIND BUSINESS/
PAYMENT). Please only serious interested persons should contact us with below contacts info: Name: Mrs Samson Happy Phone: 08036643522







 6




































,Pepsi pay me my moneyI wish Pepsi could bring crystal Pepsi backMalek ErickHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change.The destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!Arlene Castillo OlsonNa Na reminds me of you Pepsi MUST work to eliminate deforestation from its production line. The Leuser Ecosystem is widely regarded as one of the world's top-priority ecosystems, being the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. Why is PepsiCo not fighting to defend this habitat instead of destroying it?? Company ethics are essential!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearReady, set, destroy rainforests. Just, KILL, KILL, KILL.Boycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=220329
121.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbPepsi’s conflict palm oil is driving rainforest destruction and the extinction of already endangered animals like orangutans, tigers, and elephants. Workers in the palm oil industry are paid unethically low wages, and many don’t have adequate health and safety protectionWhat'll happen if I like Coca Cola more than PepsiCoca cola is better lolhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e/When is Pepsi going to start taking its responsibilitie
s seriously?

Pepsi’s conflict palm oil is driving rainforest destruction and the extinction of already endangered animals like orangutans, tigers, and elephants. Workers in the palm oil industry are paid unethically low wages, and many don’t have adequate health and safety protection.

https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
eDo you have plans to bring Crystal Pepsi to the UK...? If not, I'll be heavily disappointed Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fb­ ­ ­

 <3Bring it on!!!!!!Lumea lui Sucre sent me!HILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO START RESPECTING OUR RAIN FORESTS? THEY ARE NOT FOR YOU. STOP KILLING OUR PLANET FOR YOUR STINKING PROFITS. https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=QxNyDjAx
zcEshame on you pepsi for your part in destroying the rainforest and with it our world. have you no decency?Please stop putting unsustainable palm oil in your Pepsi drinks. It is environmentally
destructive and causing tropical deforestation and wildlife habitat loss. https://
actions.sumofus.
org/https://
m.facebook.com/
PensaSaluti/http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462https://
www.facebook.com
/
Geekly-Azerbaija
n-3505702817335
95/Crécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia Miguel





  

 




John Scout IIHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Stop destroying rainforests for your own profit and I might consider buying your products again! Honestly, there's just no excuse for what you do in this day and age! Ethical businesses are the future so from all I've seen PepsiCo belong in the past!!NO, NO PEPSI. You cut a swathe through rainforests, destroying the lives of both wild animals and people, for money. But you try to hide the damage you continue to wreak on planet Earth, our only home. Those at the top don't care, they only crave money and power, but everyone below that top rank must stand up now and be counted. To survive ourselves, mankind must have a healthy planet with all the links in place. If we allow Pepsi to sever the links of life and wipe animals like the Orangutan off the face of the planet, then we are all doomed. This isn't money or jobs, this is life itself. We must all stand against Pepsi to protect life itself.Dear Pepsi I always preferred Pepsi to other brands, but you are trashing the rainforest homes of Orangutans, Sumatran Elephants, and 1000's of other species to grow Palm Oil Say NO to Palm oil, Save the orangutan and it now makes me feel sick when I see your brand. You're a global company. Where's your global responsibility?I stopped drinking Pepsi and buying any other of your products when I learnt about your destructive practices. As a huge company with far reaching markets, you have a responsibility to act responsibly. Do that, prove it and you may yet get back many of your 'lost' customers.Human rights violations, rainforest destruction, wildlife dying? No thanks. Clean up and learn responsibility to the world. End deforestation, protect orang utans and Sumatran elephants and the creatures dependent on the habitats you are savaging.Don't believe in all these cute images and emojis. PepsiCo is destroying our planet, exploiting poor people and killing precious wildlife. The BOYCOTT is on!I should've known you were too good to be true. I don't drink coke because I don't like it. Looks like you've put paid to my stomache calmer. Thanks a lot!! :-((Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
mPepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!I love pepsi, but I love animals and our world a whole lot more, the company needs to be much more "friendly" for our beautiful animals to continue in their home, a right that is theirs not yours. Please rethink and have kindness instead of greed.Pepsi - can you please make the urgent changes needed to stop the decimation of habitats and extinction of animals such as the Sumatran elephant? Palm oil is destroying the planet and this is just not acceptable for you to knowingly be complicit in this destruction. Until a definitive and concise statement from Pepsi is forthcoming, I for one, shall be boycotting all products linked to the brand. http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi, you know you are inflicting massive damage on the disappearing rainforest, destroying the last dwindling populations of precious elephants, orang-utans and millions of smaller creatures by turning vast areas of Indonesia and Malaysia into sterile palm oil plantations. Find a sustainable alternative or earn the undying contempt of all who care for this wonderful planet.STOP DESTROYING THE EARTH, PEPSI! Too many corporations are plundering the Earth's resources and YOU are one of them! Slick marketing will not work!Stop destroying rainforests and condusct ethical business. It is because of large companies like yourself, that the world and its creatures are suffering. This is wrong on so many levelsPepsi poison... Stop killing trees, ruining lives, polluting and exploiting for profit. Pepsi MAX DEATH For Sumatran elephants, rainforest and habitats. Boo to you EVIL PEPSI!You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.Short term gain in profits, long term loss of a natural environment. It seems like most multi nationals have a similar view. Couldn't give a toss what people think or about the destruction being caused as they won't be alive to see it.I feel so sad that you as a company feel it is OK to have an array of human rights abuses, and contribute to the extinction of species like the orangutan and the Sumatran elephant. Why? Can't you see how awful that is? Please it is not too late to turn it all around.I and everyone I know has stopped drinking Pepsi because of your desctructive effect on rainforest habitats. Your company needs to clean up its act or it will find itself without a customer base.STOP destroying rainforests now! It is unbelievable that a large company like yourself will not look after the world environment - if you are not careful there will be no world left therefore no customers!Hey Pepsi,stop fooling your customers with the nostalgia hype! come clean, your business is destroying precious rainforests, the lungs of our planet & its wildlife!!Uneth
ical company!! Adopt crucial environmental values NOW!Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclear

We know we can move PepsiCo. Due to your unrelenting pressure, this corporate goliath has adopted a palm oil policy, and revised it twice. Unfortunately the actions it is taking are still not strong enough to change the reality for endangered species and exploited workers on the ground in Indonesia where it sources its palm oil from.I guess you just don't care what damage you inflict on precious, declining habitats. No more Pepsi for me, or any of my family, until you get civilized.Say it without words. Say it by destroying forests like Pepsi.Are you stuck with trying to Bring Back Lost Lovers. Sickness and health problems. Stop A Cheating partner. Have Babies Spell. Fix Financial Problems. Fix Court Cases. Customer Attraction. Bad luck removal. Enhance love and attraction. Mr Logogo is a unique herbalist /
Spiritual healer, who is a renowned helper of men who has helped so many people online For more information: Drlogogo5@gmail.c
om a trial will convince you don’t lose hope Contact Dr Logogo now and be happy forever.and good luckhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=odajIMWE
aLg&t=3sThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you care about our world where Orangutans, Sumatran Tiger and elephants are being wiped out because of a nasty, fizzy drink? Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the environment before shareholder profits.You dont give a toss about the animals you are killing...Its all for profit and greed!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbThere's an interesting petition asking Pepsi to come to their senses. Please let's all sign this https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-clear-pe
psi/
?akid=21315.2220
079.z_a9OH&rd=1
&source=fwd&t=1Pepsi wants to sell you phony 90’s nostalgia with the return of #CrystalPepsi - but what’s unclear is what the company will do to address the devastation associated with the #palmoil in the company’s snacks.
What’s more important? Throwback colas or rainforests? ran.org/
pepsiunclear

Hazy Morals and Cloudy Policies: PepsiCo's Unclear Legacy
What's crystal clear is the need for Pepsi to address the extinction of the Sumatran elephant, destruction of forests, and child and forced labor associated with its…
RAN.ORGI NEVER DRINK THE CRAP ANYWAY DAMN YOU PEPSI GREEDY PLANET DESTROYERSHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearStop the destruction of our rainforests if you care about your customers then show you care about the environment.Pepsi is made using palm oil from plantations placed where rain forest with all of it's biodiversity once stood. Take a moral stand Pepsi and place the environment one place above your bottom line.Let’s be clear - we need to bring back healthy populations of the Sumatran elephant, not extinct sodas.STOP ignoring the destruction of our rainforests and its inhabitants. And STOP ignoring human rights abuses. No Pepsi for me. :(Hi,Pepsi isn't worth destroying the forest homes of orangutans and Sumatran elephants! or don't you care?Nostalgia for me is about a lifestyle that doesn't harm our precious planet and wildlife habitats. Cleaning up your act would make you more popular!Where is your PepsiCo doesn't give a s**t emoji? It would be so well used..deforesta
tion, orangutans, workers rights, bullfighting..t
he list is endless. You need to sort your act out PepsiCo.according to medical experts such drinks are hazardous for health, like Cigarette companiesthis warning should be written on your bottles " hazardous for health"Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant or the Orangutans in your products.
End the deforestation now!i will not be drinking any Pepsi ever again until you stop destroying the Planet and the Rainforests and all its wildlife!!!!Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.You are destroying rain forests and all the animals in it !! WHY WHY WHY do you use Palm Oil ? HORRIFIC !!!Pepsi profit first, the world, it's people and the environment second. That's Pepsi's principle. I'll never promote, let alone buy, Pepsi products.Please stop being the reason orang utans are murdered. They are burned alive and buried alive IN YOUR NAME.Pepsi - deforestation, extinction of animals, enslavement of indigenous populations - boycott!I hate what is being done to the beautiful Rainforests and all its inhabitant. No drink is worth the end of Pigmy Elephan.No more pepsi for my family and friends until you stop destroying our planet for profit!!Start your online internet job and Earn 10$ per seconds tasks,
Earn 2500$ monthly -

http://
teeban.com/
?ref=23033 is your linkNot showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearstop using palm oil in your products and make a big difference to us, our future generations and the priceless nature!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change.Do you do an imoji showing the sad face of any of the rainforest animals you are destroying, Pepsi? Probably not, I'm guessing.Hey Pepsi - surely its time to clean up your act..... The Sumatran elephant is far more important to us that a drink..........i can't stop drink pepsi one can per dayDon't drink Pepsi if you care about the planet or other people or even yourselves!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=220329
121.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbPepsico means profit before an environment suitable for the kids that eat your products, to grow up in. What fabulous people you are!Shame on you! Instead of protecting the environment you're killing it!Is Pepsi really destroying precious wildlife and their habitat for a fast buck?Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
mHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!!!!!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
mHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
mHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi,be clear with your customers-slick
marketing and 90,s nostalgia won`t hide the extination of the Sumatran elephant in your products.End the deforestation NOW!!!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!...and the orang utan? The Sumatran elephant?Pepsi, masters of corporate irresponsiblity
. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPlease stop using conflict palm oil.Pepsi Plz Bring Back Crystal Pepsi Worldwide.#makepepsimangre
aagainThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Really Pepsi? You think we don't care what's happening to this planet! Money makes the world go round, so they say. With your help the world will it'll grind to an abrupt and fatal end!Everyone should stop buying Pepsi products - the Quaker bars, Lay crisps. I bet most people don't even know that Palm Oil is used or that unfortunately the rain forests in Indonesia & Malaysia are destroyed to make way for Palm Oil plantations. PEPSI - can't you find an alternative oil / ingredient which is ethical ?I will boycott your products until your policies change & become environmentally
friendly!#Shame on you, shame on you, shame on you-I will NEVER buy your products again.Just because you are doing a relaunch of some sugary soda drink does not hide the fact that you are a company without ethics. many of your products contain conflict palm oil - this is the biggest contributor to the destruction of the Indonesian rainforest and the death of orang-Uranus, tigers, elephants and other creatures to whom it is home, not to mention the infringement of the rights of indigenous people. You are a disgrace and anyone who buys your health destroying products is complicit in your crimes against humanity, animals and the environment.Stop destroying animals' homes!PLEASE STOP DEFORESTATION, STOP DESTROYING FOREST IN MY COUNTRY. I'M BEGGING YOUI used to drink Pepsi until I found out that your company abuses children, slaughters orangutans and Sumatran elephants and destroys massive amounts of rain forest across Indonesia and Malaysia by using conflict palm oil in your products. Shame on you, I hope you enjoy your profits from not using sustainably produced palm oil.Where's my prizes from Pepsi ?. :* haven't recieved it.STOP destroying rain forests now!!IhatepepsiIhatepepsiShame on you Pepsi for the misery you cause ...http://
www.saynotopalmo
il.com/pepsiunclear.co
mHey PepsiPepsi pay me my moneyHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiuncleari think that soHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! Never a Pepsi fan; less so now!!!Less profit. More care for the environment.SHAME on you making massive profit out of habitat destruction and human rights violations. Isnt it time to STOP before you wipe out all the species in Sumatra? STOP DESTROYING RAINFOREST! Wise up and do the right thing but until then i will be making it crystal clear to everyone i know just how devastating your business practices are.More slick marketing to disguise your culpability for the deforestation and destruction caused by the palm oil industry.Do what is right and take ethical actions to cease the deforestation in using palm oil in your products. There will never be peace and harmony on this planet while companies like yourselves continue to destroy this it and treat the sentient beings on it like nothing more than throw away objects for your own monetary gains.So cute!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90's nostalgia won't hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearIs it a bear or dog?Slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Pepsi, why can't you be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearberfore long Pepsi news will spread on the Facebook and Twitter pages. it is time to change and stop using Palm oil, find another oil surely there must be one?Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - they deserve the truth. Slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearNo more Pepsi until you stop destroying the rainforest and the animals that live there.Please be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. Please end the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearcoolHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi is killing the planet, saying how I feel about it without wordsPepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearno to palm oil - stop killing wildlife!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
mDear Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90s' nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearI guess you just don't care what damage you inflict on precious, declining habitats. No more Pepsi for me, or any of my family, until you get civilized.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi, be truthful with your customers - slick marketing and 1990s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclear !!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearWilams Ary Kh http://
www.commhubb.com
/
affiliate.php?re
f=236494 join site earn daily 20$SCANDALOUS BEHAVIOUR !!!!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi, you disappoint me. You are a multinational company who could make a difference but you prefer to go for the big money and show no respect for nature or human rights ! http://
www.ran.org/
palmoil_laborHi. I water to ask you this: https://
m.facebook.com/
story.php?story_
fbid=1015730436
7085370&id=8670
10369http://
www.ran.org/
pepsi_unclear to learn morehttp://
www.ran.org/
r?u=https%3A%2F%
2Fwww.facebook.
com%2FPepsiUS%2
F&e=7a0c9329e7e
fd5437e0a2574aa
8f26dec58b6474&
utm_source=rain
forestactionnet
work&utm_medium
=email&utm_camp
aign=pepsicryst
al_f1&n=3Shame on you, Pepsi. Do you think it's acceptable to cause the extinction of the Sumatran elephant just so you can sell your sugary drinks? I doubt your customers will agree with you.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclear no-one I know drinks Pepsi anymore some, including me not for years and all are spreading the word of your aid in destroying so muchIts Making Us Rich Wiz Sala Puleesa Dnt Embarance ItHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearBe clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! www.ran.org/
pepsiunclear.com1-What is Islam
2-The greatest scientific discoveries of the modern universe exist in the Koran
The oneness of God which the prophets have advocated is that God only is the Lord، creator ،owner، actor and manager of this globe: perfect in his personality ،names، traits، deeds، knower of everything: power is in His own hands and He is capable of everything.
Thus، worship only God using all available sorts of worships ،invocation، prayer، fear، hope ،dependence، help and the like.
The interpretation of the word of God:
(Say, "He is Allah, [who is] One,
Allah, the Eternal Refuge.
He neither begets nor is born,
Nor is there to Him any equivalent).
The interpretation of the word of God:
(And your God is one God! there is no god but He; He is the Beneficent, the Merciful)
The interpretation of the word of God:
(Verily, verily, your Allah is One، Lord of the heavens and of the earth, and all between them and Lord of every point at the rising of the sun).
The interpretation of the word of God:
(And have not created the Jinn and mankind but that they should worship me).
The Messenger of Allah (PBUH) said, "Allah's Right upon His slaves is that they should worship Him Alone and associate nothing with Him; and His slaves' right upon Him is that He should not punish who does not associate a thing with Him.''
prophet Mohammed God`s blessing and peace be upon him said،:
(Messenger of Allah (PBUH) said "He who bears witness that there is no true God except Allah، alone having no partner with him، that Muhammad is His slave and His Messenger، that lsa (Jesus) is his slave and Messenger and he and (Jesus) is His Word which He communicated to Maryam (Mary)and His spirit which He sent to her، that Jannah is true and Hell is true: Allah will make him enter Jannah accepting whatever deeds he accomplished).
The greatest global discoveries in our modern age are mentioned in the Holy koran book، which God has sent down to prophet Mohammed before 1400 years. It contained miracles which have astoished the world and they still do. From these discoveries is the discovery of the "black holes". This means that the stars become bigger and bigger till they explode، collapse and change into a black hole due to an excessive gravity. It attracts everything towards it even light which it does not allow to leave so we can never see it !
The scientists describe these creatures by the following qualities: it cannot be seen، it moves very rapidly and it sweeps and attracts anything which comes near it. The Koran has revealed this result to us. In God`s words،:- (so verily، l swear by the planets that recede * and by the planets that move swiftly and hide themselves (sweeper)).
i.e. the planets that are not seen and the planets that move very rapidly attract and sweep the .sky`s surface
A miracle that astonished the world in the Holy koran book is the analysis of the molecules of some dust collected by NASA scientists. It has clearly shown that it does not look like dust. It is smoke. Its formation goes back to the beginnings of the globe creation before milliards of years. This is the "global smoke" which the scientists have thought it was dust for years and years. The surprise is that the koran has described to us the beginning of the sky creation in God`s words. (Then He (Allah) Almighty lstawa (rose over) towards the heaven when it was smoke).
. The discovery of the "beating stars" is one of the discoveries which have made uproar in the twentieth century. (The beating stars are stars in the sky that produce a sound which represents the sound of ahammer. That is why the scientists have called them "punching waves" which penetrate anybody in the globe. So، they beat and penetrate. The scientists have arrived at this result after a long study and observation. The "punching star" is one of the astonishing global features on the part of the scientists. However، the Koran has revealed this fact using eloquent expressive words where God sweared by these stars. He said،:- (1 By the sky and at-Tariq.
2 But what will let you know what at-Tariq is?
3 The Piercing Star).
the koran holy book - which God has sent down to prophet Mohammed before 1400 years it has alot of Miracles you'll find it here in this link.
http://
kaheel7.com/eng/
index.php/
astronomu-a-spac
ehttp://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
youtu.be/
tw10Ev1DonUHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclear

We know we can move PepsiCo. Due to your unrelenting pressure, this corporate goliath has adopted a palm oil policy, and revised it twice. Unfortunately the actions it is taking are still not strong enough to change the reality for endangered species and exploited workers on the ground in Indonesia where it sources its palm oil from.http://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Hail the light What's happening with pepsi flavour ⁉⁉⁉
Why I can't to buy normal old flavour pepsi ⁉
Why it's no pepsi with no sweetness ⁉
It was my favourite drink but now i give up, stop to buy this s.... Crécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia Miguel







 6


 pepsi Love you








 I love Pepsi  

 




IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli products & services
Boycott pepsi

Save humanityHey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate changeThe destruction of critical elephant habitat and home to the last remaining orangutans and tigers and rhino and numerous other species and countless birds in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products! These rainforests supply our planet with 20-30% of our oxygen and you're destroying it! Wake up and STOP THIS MADNESS NOW!!!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop using conflict palm oil. Bad practice, bad brand. Use your influence as a global brand to make the world a better place, not destroy the habitat of the world's most precious species, not to mention the sensitive ecosystem. I don't and won't use any of your products ever.Loving the palm oil theres plenty of it too go round its only a couple of trees. I bet all you sad cunts have written on a piece of paper at least once in ur life... GET A LIFE YOU LOSERSStop using Palm Oil in your products. Stop contributing to the destruction of our world. I can't use any of your products while you destroy forests and cause animals to face extinction!You can keep your garbage until you stop deforestation and stop using palm oil and killing orangutans.Pepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!#CrystalPepsi be clear with your customers on your slick marketing trying to cover up Deforestation (destruction of the rainforests) extinction of Sumatran Elephants and habits for people and animals! Brings a bitter taste to anyone's mouth Bouycott PepsiEnd deforstation now!!! I will never buy your products before you change! And I will tell my friends not to supportere Pepsi for doing this too! Change and help insted!Where is your PepsiCo doesn't give a s**t emoji? It would be so well used..deforesta
tion, orangutans, workers rights, bullfighting..t
he list is endless. You need to sort your act out PepsiCo.You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
mhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=220329
121.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbNo real animals left in the wild! only pretty cartoon figuers!C'mon, Pepsi. Make your fizzy drinks really guilt-free. Elephants, millenium-old trees, orang-utans...?
Not very nice to make your fans and customers drink liquid death and bubbly injustice. Get a conscience, make new fans by being better to the natural world. Will you be coming out with emojis with a conscience? ran.org/
pepsiunclearThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop ruining our planet Pepsi. Enough is enough.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!UNIPAK ENTERPRISES

(Expertise You Need Experience You Want)

Subject : INTRODUCTION

Dear Sir ,

Salam.

UNIPAK ENTERPRISES has come a long way indoor & outdoor Advertising / Interior & Exterior Decorator/ Electric & Civil / General Oder Supplier work sectors since its beginning and today we have strong portfolio of many product lines that help consumers choose and live the life style of their choices around the globe.

Our company stand for convenience, quality, variety, that has made possible only with the help of Almighty, The Creator. We stand today and what we aspire to be in future.

We are pleased to submit for you kind information a brief resumes on our firm’s competency and eligibility in carrying out all electric jobs, fabrication civil works & interior works we have got trained and experience work force with technicians specializing & in very relevant fields.

Currently we are providing our services to various Multinational and govt organized

We believe in carrying out all projects small and big in a very efficient manner by satisfying our client.

Same we will looking for your esteemed organization as your approved contract.

Mission :

We strive to become leader in the industry through creative ideas, quality productions and mutual respect. We seek or also believe in long term relationships and invite companies to have excellent experience with us.

We therefore request you kindly enroll our company name on your approved contractor list.

We are looking Forward to your positive response. Feel Free to contact us for any further inquiries.

Thanks & Regards

Contact Person Name : Mohammad Usama

Tel : +921 32215591, 32623292

Cell #: +92 321-2484194,345
-3347827PEPSI = Pay Every Penny to Save "Israel"Cool videoREVIVE EXTRA LARGE Premier Tonic for boosting sexual function Revive Extra Large is a pre herbal product that boost sexual performance. It enhances the relaxation of the corpora cavernosa and delays the lengthen period of the tunica albuginea, thereby increasing libido and sustaining erection firm enough for sexual satisfaction. Scientifically,
research has proven that this product boost the excitability of impulses from the brain and local nerves, hence allowing blood to flow in and fill the spaces within the tissue. HEALTH BENEFITS Enlarge your manhood Enhances Poor Sexual Drive Strengthens Weak sexual organ Boost low sperm count Stops Premature ejaculation Prolong sexual act No side effect no bounce back Order now @an affordable price. Watsapp or call 09098986767Pepsi pay me my moneyBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil WE WANT Beyoncé to headline pepsi superbowl halftime 2017I hate PepsiI hate PepsiI hate PepsiWhy is Pepsi so deliciousYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90's nostalgia won't hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! pepsiunclear.co
m
Please!!!!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi, your slick marketing and 90s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. this is an urg3nt appeal to do your duty to help end the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPlease clear up your act! How can anyone enjoy drinks laced with species extinction, human rights abuses, deforestation . . . . ?I just got a message from +8801992656376;
The SMS says " Your Mobile# Has Been Selected In 2016 Pepsi Company Award Of 500,000.00 GBP in UK draw to Claim Send Name, Address, Email ID, Mobile# to pepsibottlling@
outlook.com" >>This message is SPAM or REAL ??? If I don't get reply I will start the procedure to sue for the company and I will claim my 500,000.00 GBP from the Pepsi company. ThanksHILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttp://
www.ran.org/
pepsi_unclear to learn moreBe clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462https://
youtu.be/
tw10Ev1DonU for bookings +2349091949747

















 6










 I love Pepsi  

 














 #lovehasnolabelsAre you stuck with trying to Bring Back Lost Lovers. Sickness and health problems. Stop A Cheating partner. Have Babies Spell. Fix Financial Problems. Fix Court Cases. Customer Attraction. Bad luck removal. Enhance love and attraction. Mr Logogo is a unique herbalist /
Spiritual healer, who is a renowned helper of men who has helped so many people online For more information: Drlogogo5@gmail.c
om a trial will convince you don’t lose hope Contact Dr Logogo now and be happy forever.and good luckI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332https://
youtu.be/
tw10Ev1DonU for bookings and enquiry+2349091
949747Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate changeThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Not showing the destruction of some of the most valuable boi diverse places left on earth! Shame on your corporate greed!!! How many species have you made extinct???? Vile horrible arsehole corporationThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearBoycott! Pepsi destroys our forest for Palm oil Love? Where's your love for our planet? For the animals who've peacefully shared it with us for Millenia, for rainforests and for the future generations who will never get to enjoy these things thanks to your greed??? You show us you actually care and you might regain our love!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90's nostalgia won't hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!What about the animals of the rain forest?! Palm oil and environment abuse is morally wrongWhere is your PepsiCo doesn't give a s**t emoji? It would be so well used..deforesta
tion, orangutans, workers rights, bullfighting..t
he list is endless. You need to sort your act out PepsiCo.Please listen to us. We could become your customers if you change your policy.
Dont use unsustainable palm oil!You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Show your love for precious sumatran elephants and other wildlife. Help end deforestation and the use of palm oil to make your products.Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearDon't let Pepsi destroy Indonesia: https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=220329
121.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearLaura Jayne Allenhttp://
www.ran.org/
pepsi_unclear to learn moreIs it pepsi Pakistan ?? or some 1 hold it riaz bottlers ? and all these ads MADE IN PAKISTAN ?? HOW do our beloved SIRS KNOWS IT ?? SAME OLD BOSS OR CHANGED ..A SIR GEN SIRS SON .. THE MNA AND MPA from lahore DEFENCE 1 .WHO CAN NOT REMEMBER THEIR BELOVED FATHER ...?https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbhttps://
www.facebook.com
/FedUpMovie/
videos/
292990907535892/Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttp://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=PYMMDVWW
OdsHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearFor Pepsi the perfect gain appears to be rain forest destruction and money.







 6











 I love Pepsi  

 




Nom














ZoëFires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change.The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearOUR ATLANTIS! Check Out our brand new Video! → https://
youtu.be/
nb7L7a-16tY
New Album "The Sorceress Reveals - Atlantis" OUT Now
↓ ORDER NOW ↓
http://
soulsofdiotima.b
igcartel.com/Don't let Pepsi get away with murder: https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=220329
121.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90's nostalgia won't hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearWhere is your PepsiCo doesn't give a s**t emoji? It would be so well used..deforesta
tion, orangutans, workers rights, bullfighting..t
he list is endless. You need to sort your act out PepsiCo.http://
www.ran.org/
pepsi_unclear to learn moreYou are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearStop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearDear Sir we Organize a Cricket Tournament in Karachi on 14 August please appreciate us and we want Advertise your Brand.
plz reply
From Abdul Ghaffar
03002326822
03122161908Where's the crystal Pepsi at ? #WORLDWIDERELEAS
E








 6











 I love Pepsi  

 














Express my feelings? OK I'm bloody furious at the destruction of rainforests by Pepsi bogura branch k ase tar number dorkatFires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change.The Leuser Ecosystem is a major hotspot of biological diversity and is the source of drinking water and livelihoods for millions of people in the Indonesian province of Aceh. The Leuser is the only place on earth where elephants, tigers, orangutans and rhinos live in the same forest. The region is widely regarded as one of the world’s top priority conservation areas.

Despite the importance of this amazing place, our investigation uncovered the rogue palm oil producer known as PT. ABN illegally clearing at breakneck speeds despite already being ordered out by Indonesia’s government. PT. ABN supplies palm oil to a nearby crude palm oil processing mill operated by Koperasi Prima Jasa (KPJ). This mill company has supplied palm oil refineries operated by Wilmar, which in turn ships this Conflict Palm Oil to its customers around the world, including PepsiCo. Surely there are alternatives to making this soft drink until relatively recent history all of the ingredients were soured from our own farms in the west. This has got to be the only way to go forward for any hope of making this product sustainable.YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclear







 6










 I love Pepsi  

 




















I love PepsiPepsi all the way drinking away thy pains to sweetheart-ness
love this drinkPepsi all the way drinking away thy pains to sweetheart-ness
love this drinkI hate PepsiThe destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop destroying the elephant's rainforest. I will never ever consume your products. There is blood on your hands.pls can i join you to play football in ur teamBoycott Pepsi n coke specially in Tamilnadu IndiaYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearGood morning#pepsi#y
our team are responsable of the deforesting of the planetTIME TO CHANGE PEPSY..Pleasehello pepsi when are expecting another promotionHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbhey pepsi -sorry but as a company you are at the bottom of the barrel. your use of conflict palm oil and disregard for its sourcing, for the environment and the massively detrimental impact this is having on the sumatran elephant, orangutans and countless other species is apalling. You should be ashamed -as a global entity you are in a position to be leading the way in making a positive contribution to the planet not stripping it for resourcves that are unsustainable. TIME TO CHANGE PEPSIPepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi where is the emojo for destroying the rainforest? Not proud enough to post that!!!!Where is your PepsiCo doesn't give a s**t emoji? It would be so well used..deforesta
tion, orangutans, workers rights, bullfighting..t
he list is endless. You need to sort your act out PepsiCo.You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.When will Pepsi stop using unsustainable palm oil in their products, causing loss of habitat for the orangutans, and Sumatran elephants, assisting in their near distinction. Surely you can do better.......My name is Jenny, I am sixteen, I have blonde hair, and you can't stop reading ,you have already started!! I was murdered 7/14 with my father's shotgun and a butcher knife. If you dont post this to 20 other pictures, I will come and kill you in the middle of the night. You have five hours. Don't believe me? Google: Maria MarshaPepsi - A DIRTY outfit, using conflict palm oil. NASTY, UNETHICAL, IMMORAL, PERVERTED! Boycott the product of crimnals - PEPSI. The truth would make you puke it up.Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHello people, my name is Adeyemi kola,I am a professor who currently teaches in the prestigious university of Benin the renouned citadel of learning it is no longer news that every professor is entitled to three slots at every admission period but unfortunately I have no kids yet. I have missed many of these opportunities but due to my benevolence and generosity I and my wife have decided to allocate the slots to students who are ready for it and have successfully applied for the university of Benin. It must be noted that only people with jamb score above 220 can apply for this and they must not be for medicine because my slots are not there. Interested candidates can give me a call on 09034333796Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=5mpR41HC
f7g SUCRE sent us here.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttp://
www.cbc.ca/news/
canada/montreal/
montreal-plastic
-water-bottle-b
an-coke-pepsi-l
obby-1.3493462Crécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia Miguel








 









 I love Pepsi  

 














 #worlmojiday

I feel that Pepsi's greed is destroying unique habitats to make way for palm oil plantations. I also feel that I never want to drink Pepsi again.Hey Pepsi - this #PepsiFire leaves a bad taste. Fires lit for palm oil are harming communities, rainforests, the planet, and worsening climate change. Cut Conflict Palm Oil now!Dear Pepsi, I am a concerned consumer I would like to challenge you to change how you buy Palm Oil. Palm oil plantations are responsible for deforestation, the extinction of endangered species such as Orangutans, Tigers, and Elephants. These plantations are unethical breeching human rights and committing poor people to slave labour. How do you explain any of these concerns to me your customer? Pepsi, I wrote to Dominos Pizza, who buy your products where I also am a customer, and asked them to please stop buying from your company to your company effects ethical change. Action speaks louder than words so please act ethically now. Many of your customers are voicing their concerns and we will not be ignored.

https://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e/
?akid=21477.1117
7064.9ni_Sv&rd=
1&source=fwd&t=
2Here's my emotion... Where's your love for our planet? For the animals who've peacefully shared it with us for Millenia, for rainforests and for the future generations who will never get to enjoy these things thanks to your greed??? You show us you actually care and you might regain our love!Pepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!So coolI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332The destruction of critical elephant habitat in the priceless Leuser Ecosystem (shown at ran.org/
leuser_watch_pta
bn) has to stop! Pepsi, stop trying to distract consumers with the Super Bowl! Take real action to cut Conflict Palm Oil from your products!Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.My feelings are that you as a massive company are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.Start your online internet job and Earn 10$ per seconds tasks,
Earn 2500$ monthly -

http://
teeban.com/
?ref=23033 is your linkNice videoIhatepepsiI hate PepsiLove the videoYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
www.facebook.com
/
EmmaConstanceOff
icial/videos/
1128107997246202
/Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey @Pepsi, keep it ! Cut #ConflictPalmOil, stop abusing and  for cheap snacks! #SayItWithPepsiHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttp://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=PYMMDVWW
OdsyepArte RVLArte RVLArte RVL








 












 I love Pepsi









#booplove 

You must leave the russian aggressor market immediately. Otherwise, you will face ignoring your products around the world.PepsiMojiNothing but the destruction of rainforests in the blind pursuit of profit.I hate PepsiYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearI love youfeel so sad that you as a company feel it is OK to have an array of human rights abuses, and contribute to the extinction of species like the orangutan and the Sumatran elephant. Why? Can't you see how awful that is? Please it is not too late to turn it all around.Pepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!Horrible company - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now!Stop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearWhen are you releasing Pepsi Crystal to a) Australia b) New Zealand? Thanks!I greet me please??My best drinkHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearLet’s be clear - we need to bring back healthy populations of the Sumatran elephant, not extinct sodas. - ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbNutritional Supplements, Vitamins, Food, Beauty, Kids, Sports Nutrition, Home and Pets

May l introduce a 5% discount code GIV1533 on
iherb.com/
?recode=GIV1533

Thank youHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclear







 







,   

 








 I love Pepsi










IS = Israeli state
Israel is a Jonghi & terrorist state

Boycott Israel
Boycott israeli terrorist
Boycott israeli products & services
Boycott pepsi

Save humanityI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332https://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=odajIMWE
aLg&t=3sA RAN field investigation has just uncovered some of the most ruthless destruction of elephant habitat we’ve ever seen. Our investigation shows massive forest clearance in the critically endangered Leuser Ecosystem—and it’s linked to the suppliers of snack foods sold by companies like PepsiCoStop using Palm Oil! Do none of you have children that you want to see grow up in a world with Orangutan, Sumatran Tiger and Elephant in it. Do you not care about the displacement and enslavement of indigenous populations for the production of Palm Oil? It is time to put the Environment before shareholder profits.You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.hmm Pepsi use GMO ingredients havent drank that crap for years,Alhumduliha Pepsi is so good there no drugs ect and safe to drink I must say every week I buy 2 bottles of PepsiI really hope this is a scam so disappointed http://
drrichswier.com/
2015/07/19/
kraft-pepsi-and-
nestle-the-usin
g-aborted-babie
s-for-flavor-ad
ditives/During the summer I've been freezing halved strawberries and using them as ice cubes, they don't water down your drink and add a nice enhancement to Diet Pepsi/Pepsi Max.

Anybody else tried other frozen fruit?https://
youtu.be/
BHreDVWW0FoIhatepepsii love pepsiCool giflovely drink with hssssssI hate PepsiI hate PepsiYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclear#gifMin Chit ThuHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearEsam Hasnat Arif HossainNot good for health so please don't drink any type of cold drinks..Hi, I have noticed a different taste to pepsi MAX. Have you guys changed the ingredients? It is not near as sweetHILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016Joachim Renè Andresenhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=BHreDVWW
0FoHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
actions.sumofus.
org/a/
crystal-pepsi-th
e-ad-they-don-t
-want-you-to-se
e?sp_ref=219622
200.99.173977.f
.549938.2&sourc
e=fbHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPls like my page : https://
www.facebook.com
/Hassan-BanquetCrécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia Miguel



  

 








 I love Pepsi









กระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวกระดิกหาง หมานายเดียวI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332Stand by the planet Pepsi is trying to destroy.IhatepepsiLove? Where's your love for our planet? For the animals who've peacefully shared it with us for Millenia, for rainforests and for the future generations who will never get to enjoy these things thanks to your greed??? You show us you actually care and you might regain our love!You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.#SayItWithPepsiHeya @Pepsi, cutting down  and using  labor makes me . #SayItWithPepsiSo have pepsi changed the taste in the last 6-12 months as it is now no where near as good as it used to be. For the first time I reckon Coke is now actually better. Whatever they have done, fucking change it back please.Love the gifYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearhttps://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=ZW4I_8fO
AkE please please please pepsi i want the beat that sounds in th end of this great commercial!!!!http://
www.youtube.com/
watch?v=PYMMDVWW
OdsHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearCrécia MiguelCrécia MiguelCrécia Miguel 


































#toguether ,Pepsi EliotI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332evil company that continues to put profits before the planet. cant believe how stupid people are that they continue to glug this poison down at the expense of many of our planet's most threatened species...Pepsi is a disgrace on a global scale, human rights abuses and significant contributions towards the extinctions of some of our planet's most precious species such as orang utans and sumatran rhinos. If I ever see anyone drinking Pepsi I know they are either ignorant of the atrocities caused by Pepsi or sadly in many cases just dont care. However, the directors and executives of Pepsi, that's another matter - they should all be jailed for their crimes that they are inflicting on our planet!!You are irresponsible and will go down in history as having contributed to the demise of our environment and planet. I will never buy any of your products again until you stop with deforestation, animal extinction and enslavement of indigenous populations, and I will tell everyone that I know not to either.Aslam.o.laikum.
sir haripur city k pas village sirya main hamri light nahi hay plzz give us soler light in ramzanIhatepepsiSo have pepsi changed the taste in the last 6-12 months as it is now no where near as good as it used to be. For the first time I reckon Coke is now actually better. Whatever they have done, fucking change it back please.I hate PepsiYOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE RAINFOREST AND THE EXTINCTION OF SPECIES. BOYCOTT PEPSI THEY ARE NO GOOD FOR THE PLANET! http://
www.ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHILLARY CLINTON IS GOING TO WHITE HOUSE
Predicted by
Bangladeshi famous astrologer Dr.k.c.pal (Gold medalist)

According to information received from the date of birth Hillary Clinton is an Aquarius according to oriental & she is a Scorpion according to the west. In the president election of 2016 Hillary Clinton will go to white house as the first female president in American history. Before the election as the 45th president Hillary committed to resolve the Economic Depression, Unemployment Eradication, improve law and order & also she will be capable to solve the current great disaster in the current world. Not only that but also in the near future for the reason of place the portrait of Hillary Clinton in the US currency she will be memorable to the entire nation of the world.(At first published by monthly Dhupchaya november-2015.D
aily Bangladesh protidin-12 April 2016.Daily Inkilab 13 April-2016. Daily Vorer kagog 29 July-2016Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearPepsi Thanks you so much







  

 




Best The Best









#pepsimoji 









The best institutionNope RampackyGaza ThiagoI will teach you how to mine bitcoins online without sending your money or bitcoins to me all you have to do is to fund your bitcoin wallet understand alrightI will have to enlighten you more about bitcoin mining and guide you now you can text me on WhatSapp
+1(805) 691-7332OK pep me upIhatepepsiI hate PepsiOnly Pepsi in my live I love you so much Start your online internet job and Earn 10$ per seconds tasks,
Earn 2500$ monthly -

http://
teeban.com/
?ref=23033 is your linkStop destroying elephant habitat! Mass boycott of PepsiCo products call to action!Samii Breezy remember.. wanna pepvvsii Guys..Dont drink pepsi..one day i found some small glass peaces in a pepsi botlle when i drink a pepsi bottle..then i ask for a medical coverage..but finally pepsi company tried to send some softdrink bottles to my home for free becoz of this matter..Varun Beverage.....NE
VER drink pepsi.. they are careless fuckers..No body responsible for anything.. B Carefull my friends...!I'm proud to say I'll never buy a PepsiCo product despite their slick marketing! Whatever they say they are a disaster for humankind and a disaster for our planet!Stop destroying the rainforest Pepsi then you can SAY SOMETHING with pridePepsi - deforestation, extinction of animals, enslavement of indigenous populations - boycott!I greet me please??So have pepsi changed the taste in the last 6-12 months as it is now no where near as good as it used to be. For the first time I reckon Coke is now actually better. Whatever they have done, fucking change it back please.guys please send mirinda citrius to PAKISTANCan't drink anymore if you put aspartame back in you're drinks. Im illergic to it. it causes Neuropathyi want to share my best pic with pepsi in this page, but how???So my nan has just opend a multi pack of caffeine free Pepsi to find the can she picked up was less than half full ?? It's not been opend either ??I hate PepsihelloHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearSay it with pride - Pepsi are desperately trying to polish their image by producing a nice can that suggests they support gay rights meanwhile they are destroying rainforests.Hey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearDominic SpeightHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearHey Pepsi, be clear with your customers - slick marketing and 90’s nostalgia won’t hide the extinction of the Sumatran elephant in your products. End the deforestation now! ran.org/
pepsiunclearSupport coa-cola and earned $ 1,500 cash!
for more details visite my profile Pawlo Calvane